Hey baby, you're drivin' me crazy,with that special lovin' feelin' that you give to me...And I'm so proud, you want me to be your lady,now I know how it feels to live a fantasy...I used to dream about love, and sure it's how it was,but I don't have to dream no more!'Cause I, I got more than I can stand, I found me a lover in another man,I got you baby that's all I was waiting for...And I love the way you love me, I place no one above, I don't want true love...And I love the way you love me, and baby no matter what,I love the, I love the way you love...(oh-Oh! oh-Oh! oh-Oh! Oh-oh!, oh-Oh! oh-Oh!)Oh baby, ba, baby, I might as well face it,I've fallen in so deep, you have control of me...Without a doubt, it has to be the greatest,you are every bit the man I had hoped you'd be...I used to dream about love, and sure it's how it was,but I don't have to dream no more, oh no!'Cause when I think about your lovin' then I got a good beat,I get excited from the feeling that is given to me,so won't you keep me comin' baby 'cause I love the joy you bring, oh I love...And I love the way you love me, I place no one above, I don't want true love...And I love the way you love me, and baby no matter what,I love the, I love the way you love...(oh-Oh! oh-Oh! oh-Oh! Oh-oh! oh-Oh! oh-Oh!)I love the way you love...(oh-Oh! oh-Oh! oh-Oh! Oh-oh! oh-Oh! oh-Oh!)I love the way...One, for all the special love,two, a sensitive and tender touch,three, because you please, you bring out the best in me,'cause when I think about your lovin' then I got a good beat,I get excited from the feelin' that is given to me,so won't you keep me comin' baby 'cause I love the joy you bring, oh I love...(oh Oh! oh Oh! oh Oh! Oh oh! oh Oh! oh Oh!)I love the way you love...(oh Oh! oh Oh! oh Oh! Oh oh! oh Oh! oh Oh!)I love the way...And I love the way you love me, I place no one above, I don't want true love...And I love the way you love me, and baby no matter what,I love the, I love the way you love...One, for all the special love,two, a sensitive and tender touch,three, because you please, you bring out the best in me,'cause when I think about your lovin' then I got a good beat,I get excited from the feelin' that is given to me,so won't you keep me comin' baby 'cause I love the joy you bring, oh I love...The way you love me, I place no one above, I don't want true love...And I love the way you love me, and baby no matter what,I love the, I love the way you love...