This is the type of game you can just pickup and play. And if your on a long car ride, road trip, vaction, or your just bored, this Is the right game, for you. It is challenging but fun! There are a lot of levels and characters to get, which means there is a lot of gameplay. And their probably still updating it now. I would rate this game 8/10.
Very nice to meet you at work and I have to go back to work
To the ones saying this app keeps giving a message of 'Info not available at this time'... if you claimed any dependents this year, the IRS legally cannot process your return until Feb 15, 2017 for extra fraud precautions being taken. This means that your refund could be delayed until the end of Feb. I love this app. Very easy to use every year.
But it constantly crashes!  I have reinstalled three different times now.  Very frustrating because when it works it is a great way to share.  If not for crashing I would give it 5 stars,  but I am about to uninstall for good if this keeps up.  ***Update fixed the problem in my HTC M8 and all is well!
I don't like being overwhelmed by all these head 2 heads matches. Please bring back the decline option for head to head so I could not lose twice as much fans for not playing. Also I would like to suggest to have the match up to be over once there is no way of making a comeback when they already scored on their drives while their opponents only scored 1 of 3 of the their drives, it's a waste of stamina, fans, and time.
Perfect example of what a mobile game should be. Contains plenty of different and varied gamemodes to keep things interesting, whilst remaining very nice and simple. Doesnt try to be something it isn't, and stays very chilled the whole way through. Really the only game you need on your phone, as it has so much variety, whilst still staying uniformly similar across the whole experience.
It's good but the ads are annoying. I like how it's challenging. Also it also has several activities. I just hate that there is an ad after and ad when yoy lose. But it's very addictive. I like it.
Its a commentable game. It is not too gud as the control over some game modes such as slide ... etc r not comparitiveky gud at there control they shud be specified n oarticular about the control as one of the main part of the game is its control😘😑well..... keep it up n keep on comming up with progerss improvement and new updates gud luck ..... hope u improve😊😊😊😊😊😀👍👍
It is a excellent game. But why is Google giving these stupid ads.My game most of the time stops in between.pls Google remove these stupid ads.
This game is so much fun to play in. You get to do a lot of levels in many different game modes. Not only that but you can get different types of balls that you can use when playing a lot of levels in the game. Some of the levels are easy and challenging but it's still lots of fun. 😊
Frankly, the game makes you an addict. However, I gotta say that the ads sure will drive you crazy! Please fix. Too many videos , it's making me dislike the game.
Would rate 5 stars but whenever I look at all my apps, it doesn't pop up. I have to go all the way to Google play and search up color switch. It says its installed and every time I hit open, it works perfectly. Plz fix then I will rate 5 stars
Awesome game They always keep updating and u always keep playing ... jus awesome. I recommend it to everyone. Why dont u include an option to change the themes... i personally like a theme so much but those r nt permanent
Really love your game. I am such a big fan 4 color switch love it that's why I'm so good at it. Thanks for letting me review thanks and I really love your game.
A few months ago I uninstalled the app because it wasn't working anymore... It sounded distorted. Today I downloaded it again but the problem isn't gone away...It still feels like there's something wrong in the sound. (It's not the phone speaker because it work perfectly). Can I please have support?
Help tansfet
Good app
This app is fantastically convenient. The fact that I can combine messenger with cellular contacts is amazing. Bringing back the ability to look at photos through albums is stellar. But what would be a cherry on top of this dreamboat of a social app is being able to upload videos in more formats than just mp4. I find it more often than not I'm caught in the rut of having to convert my videos to mp4. If Facebook were to make this possible I would be speechless.
Good app, useful, easy. Sure it didn't need to exist, messages through the Facebook app worked fine, but it's still good. And for everyone saying they don't want to see their phone texts in this app, it gives you the option not to. But why would you want to have two separate apps for texts anyways. Coming from me, someone who uses this app to text most people, is nice that regular text messages can have chat heads now too.  Edit: stickers not all showing up, cleared cache multiple times, updated, nothing worked
Not Perfect. But the fact that almost everyone I know is on Facebook and this service is cheap in my country even when using Data thru my service provider and having a free version of the site this app helps a lot and can be used even in times of emergency and since there is free service of this app on my data this makes it one of the best apps out there at least herenin Ph.. 🙂
Messenger is a quite good and versatile messaging app. Video and audio calls usually work well. The main problem of this app is the ridiculously high amount of resources (specifically RAM) it uses. If the Facebook and Messenger teams were able to to keep things under control, I would rate this 5 stars.
I hate the fact it has to be installed on my phone to read messages.  I hate the fact that every time I'm forced to install it on my phone it announces it to everyone. I hate the fact that I can no longer forward messages to email bypassing this hideous godforsaken utility. I hate being held to ransom by Facebook just because I want to sell something because they've undermined every other second hand selling site. I hate the fact that I get phantom notifications that I can't get risk of, and when I try to delete messages I just get an error. Very very poor. Invest in proper testing and stop pissing everyone off.
Well, its irritating that while going through the corruption I face on occasions throughout politics, that I now all the sudden can't use the facebook app to send messages. And not related too this topic , I think its dumb that human brains have different cortex and that each is vulnerable too satellite servers and the radation, capacitors or AC current can generate. But i honestly just dislike having too use two different apps.
The most annoying app I know,  loaded with tons of bullshit you don't need. The home screen changes almost daily to confuse you and except to get crazy if you try to find the settings. Now it's even very easy to share photos you don't want to share! Just 1-2 years ago, I would rate this app with 5 stars.
Does not work, when website does. For some reason, I got "information not available at this time" so I decided to check the IRS website, and compared the two for a few days. In EACH case, the website was working and gave me information, while the app only had a valid status 1 out of 9 times. Not sure why this is, but I am curious…
For everyone who's saying that the reason some ppl can't review their status is because refunds aren't being processed until the 15th is NOT true at all. My Husband filed February 2nd through TurboTax and 2hrs later he got an email stating the IRS accepted his federal return and within 21days he will have it. It depends on when your refund is processed and actually sent out. It also has to do with where you filed your taxes. Hope this helps.
If you people saying no dependent tax refunds will be processed before February 15th, you are mistaken and need to read again before you put out false ignorant info. All taxes will be processed before and after the 15th, if you have dependents or earned income credit, the IRS will not be sending out refunds until after February 15th. They will still be accepted, processed and approved, just not sent to you until after that date.
"Information entered not correct". I'm typing everything in 100% correctly. I know my social security number. I filed as single. And I put down my refund amount... and it keeps saying it's not correct. This app isn't helpful one bit.
At first it was freezing for two daya. Now it just does nothing, the status wheel goes around and around and never connects. It has been like this for three days. At first it was telling me my information's was wrong. The website worked fine. It also worked fine on my iPad2. Fix this for Android users please.
Having to do 11 years of reporting & filing- this ap has everything I need in one place AND IS THE IRS OFFICIAL AP so I do mot have any hesitations. Great!
For those of you that have the message, incorrect information, you have to put the correct total in for the amount. So if you filed using a tax preparer such as H & R Block and they tell you your total federal return is 2576 but after fees your actual return is 2500, you have to enter in the app your 1st number return not the amount that you are expecting which is 2576. IRS doesn't know not care about your bottom line and what your end number is going to be. They send the full amount aka the larger number because that's the amount they are going to pay, and the tax preparer take their cut. I hope this helps.
People doing the 1 star reviews because "information not available" are just plain stupid!  Won't be available till Feb 15 if you claim dependents idiots!  Just wow.  Know your stuff people..  app is great and does as advertised.  Also... the reviews is for the app not the IRS so keep your political opinions off the reviews...
I keep getting told information not available or something like that when I use the app, I didn't claim anything extra that would make them put a hold on it till February 15th, but when I go to the website on my phone everything is fine.
It's a great way to connect with family and friends I love to see my daughter's face every time she goes on her break she sends me a message ❤❤❤
It is awesome you can communicate with friends and family plus that you can change your voice,write,type and much more
Camera footage is horrible, and you dont know how long the other party gonna talk so your stuck waiting...whatsapp or messenger is my choice and it seems they will remain so cause this is still in the sandbox league
This app helps me stay in contact with my boys and see them love this app
I love it. My friends and I have a lot of fun with this app.
The slight delay makes communicating a little crazy.
it would be nice if i could change the notification.  i cant hear the one it has and there is no way to change it.
I think this is the best app i have ever had
I would love if we could change our play while on the field, like the computer does during season mode when it tells you're going to blitz. Or if we could keep some of our players from legacy team, some of the players that are elite really shouldn't be, I've had gold players that the stats are far better than an elite player. It would also be great if season games were worth more gold, or make achievements worth more because rushing 10k yards for 1k gold? Cmon
It gets too damn hard after season 12 none of my line block and the items in the store need to be reduced how do you expect me to buy some pack for 100,000 coins at a chance of an elite? Finally don't replace my team at the end of each season I waste too much for that oh and the counter gameplan needs to go.
Recommended for NFL fans, it's pretty good but could be better. I'd give 4 stars if I didn't have to delete and reinstall several times a day. It can be pretty frustrating when all of a sudden your guys can't catch a pass. A few of the plays work exactly 0% of the time, if you accidentally pick one of them you're going to get sacked or tackled for loss every time. Generally the game play is great though and there's a good variety of game types to keep you interested.
You should be able to choose the player you want to compare another player to in the auction house. For example, when looking for a player in a flex position(MLB/LB, WR/TE, CB/S) I should be able to choose a player in my lineup to compare him to not the weakest player in that position in my lineup. Also, you should be allow to auction off any item in the game. I won the collectables or players, why can't I sell them to buy a player I need? So much of this game is nonsense!
Finally a real football game similar to console. Best part for me is creating your own team by gaining and auctioning players.  Mixes up gameplay with live event mini games.  Trade in sets are a little frustrating to navigate and takes a LONG time for some of them.  Live player vs player would be awesome!  And of course unlimited gameplay, but they have to make their money.  All & all great game!!!
You get 1500 a game a then the most sold item barely gives elites. I spent a 127,500 dollars on pro packs with no elites. The computer gets to use plays we can't (wr screen) They also boost the CPU stats~ jj watt cannot run as fast as David Johnson. And in H2H speed doesn't matter since a 86 speed D. Revis can keep up with a 93 speed Antonio Brown
Fun game, very addicting. But recently in some head to head games there's been a glitch where the button to snap the ball is gone. So I have to exit the app and come back in. But then it forfeits me from the match and I lose 10,000 fans. Very annoying glitch as it is not my fault at all and I lose h2h matches.
I used to like the game but every since the last update it sucks . Now in head to head either your run gets stuffed you get intercepted or sacked. And when you got a defender beat never fear they will outrun the throw and intercept or knock pass away. Since last up date i went from 2 million fans + to 925 thousand. Dont waste your time. Im deleting the game!!!!!!
The graphics and sound effects are absolutely amazing but sometimes the control stick will not work at all. I really wish their where penalties like holding,roughing the passer and unsportsmanlike conduct. On and be able to  challenge plays.Thank you God bless and have a very wonderful day
I think it us a fun awsome game cause it just is really fun and no hate about how I did this this short review so ya no hate plesse and even if j spelled things wrong who cares just all I care about is hate and I hate it so stop and I already am getting hated on but i made it stop and hopally it doesn't happen again so that's over with j don't need a fight and hate on play store lol bye have a great day
Difficulty is mixed, you get impossible obstacles at the very beginning sometimes... Where chances of crossing it is 1-5%.. Nd stop ur trash fb advertising videos.. So highly trash.
Its great but... when i want to play the game it just gos black and icant get on it then one day i went to go on it and it deleted itself wich made me mad vut other then that i love it and i want to give it 5 stars but😕
Alright. Defiantly addictive, awesome if you like laid back action. Easy to pass time. Although be great if download says game memory size. (like I always say)
When games are challenging I LOVE THEM! I love this game and its soooo fun with out my friend i wouldnt know this game thank you Janaliz and thank you for making this game.
I can't stand the ads and how it forces you to click on it.  50% of game time shouldn't be dealing with ads.
This has been my only music app/site for years and years. The recent pay-for--increasingly-everything was a huge disappointment to me, I couldn't believe my ears when I heard an ad play the other day. Had to triple check i hadn't accidentally opened YouTube or something. I was dreading having to find a substitute. However, after hearing from someone that SoundCloud had been having serious and drastic economic issues and researching this myself, I have reversed my initial opinion and will continue to support and make SoundCloud my go to place for my countless hours of listening. Hopefully others also realize that the new  changes were unavoidable in the face of bankruptcy and keep listening.
Love the new charts! And had a wide selection of genres! But!... How can it still not have 1. add to play queue?? 2. Filtering a playlist? User are clamouring for both!!
We Should be able to delete and edit our songs thru the app right now I have to go in the Internet if I want to delete a song please make it better
You have made this app unbearable... Adds every 2 songs, distortion when played from Nougat devices and bugs that stop you from changing where you are in a track.  How can you have such a big platform and market share and constantly get it so wrong... Why not music related adds and a fair use add policy where it will only play an add after 4 full tracks have been played?  You have the monopoly with sound sharing apps... Why not channel money into making it stable with basic functionality that doesn't make people want to uninstall it.  I've loved SoundCloud for years but the way you QA testers have ruined this app and the desktop version of your site, with poor marketing and the direction of your company has started to turn your user base against you...  I only have to wait until you're cannibalized into a bigger company that will effectively get the basics right that you have got wrong time and time again
No doubts its great! 😇  Two too much required suggestions : 1. Save as Offline(or download) 2. Equalizer(Audio settings)  Include these asap in the next updates...
Best app for music its all free amd there is some very talented local rappers on this. For example, "purpose" is on his way to millionsssss
I think that this app is great and all. But I think that the people who are concerned should be able to make money off this app and so should the people who how have 1000 or more fans. Like if anyone agrees with me.
This app is the epitome of uselessness. The original Facebook app, with messaging included was the best way to go. Now even if I use the online Facebook app I am forced to instal this useless messaging app, which takes up space on my phone, while at the same time spamming me with petty notifications. I would not ever recommend this app to anyone, mostly because of how it is forced for you  to install.
At first, before the latest changes, everything was going very fine. The app was once great, but now that you made some changes, I'm sorry to say this but it is bow really annoying I mean it. There are now crashes and the "something went wrong" keeps on popping out! I'm starting to get annoyed. Fix this immediately please!
To be fair, this app is buggy on certain phones. I'm using a fairly popular phone (xperia z5 compact), but this app doesn't play videos most of the time (WiFi network), sometimes plays a few seconds and jump back to the beginning. I can't fast forward or choose a play point as well. This doesn't happen to other messaging apps.
If there is a option for 0 i,ll opt that one. My phone never hangs up that much but after updating this app my phone hangs like hell. Hated the valentine feature,  nothing special... Just normal theme work which we can also Google image it. No moving or interesting themes. Tons of bugs..  App hang like worse....
Sometimes it's not that bugy, but most of the time, when you eo one update, you get more bugs on the app then you fix them. Then after few new updates it gets steady and usable again. And you start all over again with bufs and so on :D so yeah. Its not that bad, but not that good too :D
Some people should grow common sense before being allowed to leave reviews. Most apps are above 60mbs PERIOD, Facebook does NOT force you to install messenger, you can still check your messages from a regular browser. You also do NOT need the Facebook app to use the messenger app. I love that you can use this for your default SMS app as well. I am able to get notifications where as my stock SMS app failed to notify me 80% of the time. Thanks Developers keep up the good work.
How the heck is a simple messaging app 60Mb in size!? No app settings? Unable to turn off the annoying notifications unless doing it via the device settings. Too much stuff everywhere - row on row, icon on icon. And why the hell is it automatically updating itself outside the play store? Product Manager: seriously?
Forever the same message... I actually got a letter from the IRS because I forgot to sign my return, sent it back in, waited another 6 weeks, and it still shows nothing. At least my return information on their actual website is updated (occasionally). Next time your government wants to raise taxes, just think of how bad a job with all the things they run...
Keeps saying "information not available", but if I go the the website and enter the same info, it pulls it up just fine.
I really enjoy this app every year it keeps me updated on where my refund is at all times and it's great! I would definitely recommend it! :)
It's won't tell you your status even if you didn't claim EIC or children credit says check after Feb 15. Next year I'm not paying taxes. This government is retarded.
Keeps saying no information at this time even when I put in my brother tax information
It needs to be updated . keeps saying information don't match but I am putting exactly my information in . this and the web page both suck
The irs is a joke this app sucks can't wait till they abolish the irs f**K the federal government still waiting on my return a year after I filed.
nan
Great app...I live being able to see friends I haven't seen in years but talk to all the time.
Awesome way to keep up with loved ones👍👍👍.
just got introduced to it I really like it it's a good app would recommend to my friends
So far i know that this app is about registering videos.
I need to figure out how to change my camera mode
Gave another dimension to our family time
So far so good
Boom shaka laka this app rocks.. So much fun
I like it
I am on a mission everyday to find the best games out there. I only rate on a 1 a 3 or a 5 to make it easier. I am choosing to give this game a 4(I just had to break my grading scale) because I like it its fun for kids and adults. My only problem is that at some point it just goes off all by it self and it is hard to control sometimes. Over all I do recommend you play this game. Finally America a game you can enjoy!
Cant put it down. wish u could spin more than one time after a correct guess but maybe that can be updated later. also wish u had daily login bonuses on top of the challenges so you can earn more diamonds. great game aside from that!  Also for those reading this...if u just make one $5 diamond purchase there wont be no more ads. I did.
I like the game but there are a few things you guys can change.... 1. Should be able to pump fake the defense like the computer does me  2. Needs to be more of balance you said that there is but I have better luck now on defense than I do offense now two weeks ago it was the other way around. 3. Why is that you tell us to spend coins we get the coins and spend on packs and get the same players over and over smh like why  4. Live events need to be directed into good sets not sets that a take forever to complete or sets you want ever complete  I say all to say this game is good dont be lazy with your product continue to make it great!!!!
I didn't think it was possible but with this last update you may have completely ruined the game. 80% of the time you catch a pass you drop it when you get hit and the offensive line won't even try to block they back up and wait for someone to come to them but everyone goes right past them
I like the game,  it is very addictive. One thing I hate is that it's selfish with coins! Its hard getting the players you need when the price is like 30000 200000 coins. Some coi s be damn near a million to get a player. I just wish it was a way to get more coins instead of 100 to 1500 every now and then. Smh
Ever since the last update my team has sucked. And its not just me its other peoples teams too. I have a 98 overall team but yet i cant pass or run on a team with 95-97 overalls. EA you broke this game. If you dont fix it soon I'm done with madden for good.
I have a running back with  89 speed and somehow LINEMAN manage to catch him even when he has a 5 yard head start on them...HOW?! This years madden also has by far the WORST playbook yet and terrible defensive gameplan system. I also sold a player in the auction house at a starting bid value of 85,000 and somehow he ended up selling for 76,000....explain that?!
This app is no better after this update it still will not go up or down all my other apps work perfectly so I know it's not my mobile. Also 2 things wrong with Amazon you want to watch a film on fire stick you can if you rent them even though you pay for prime video. The next is buying from Amazon, order and they will send when they have it. Why the hell have things for sale you don't have in stock. Twice I've ordered then told 2 weeks later don't know when they will have stock. They were supposed to be prime orders. I cancelled both orders. VERY BAD SERVICE.
This is awesome u need to get it its the second thing trending the first is cash me oustside get that to its awesome but together u will never get off
Its the most stunning game I played inmy life and I am sure others would think the same.
Love it Very addicting, Can't get past 10 thought 😂😂 So I don't think I'm very good Xx
The game modes are not so interesting ....only if u could add something more interesting and addictive in game modes...also the ads are very annoying
Good game, but my feelling is excessive play of some of the levels may effect screen responsiveness. But full marks to the developers.
I love it So much fun Keeps you busy Can also go offline
There is too many ads when I play the middle of the game they always pop up u need to come and fix it plz.😭😭😭😭😭😭😥😥😥😥😥😥
This game I always go on when I am going on a trip I even bring it to school to play on it this app is amazing
I found A lot of Rappers I have over 37 people who follow me I love all kinds music.
Background playing is great. Offline listening at a cost? Anyhow, few user options in the app compared to desktop version it seems.
In the old update I can hear the tracks online once then I heared it again without internet they can't play without internet . what happens ??!!
I Loved it it is just so fun because you can listen to all of your favorite music
Well it's great at giving you full songs you can enjoy or use for other reasons
Is it so difficult to always remember the last track that I paused at??
It OK but here the thing when I make a playlist it doesn't make it and I just want that fixs...........
Awesome layouts and really easy to use. I make playlists for bass loving people.
Used to be superb but now they want money and have adverts. Sorry nope.
I like musical. ly
Its Awesome
Its awesome
Stupid stu_gffffffff
It's a very nice app but its ot easy to guest cause i don't use an ipad
Love it
Cool
I will change my rating to 5 stars once you make an andriod update that allows you to delete clips while recording your musicallys. I phones have had the feature for awhile and it's very annoying when you mess you half way through and have to delete the entire thing than reshoot; apposed to just deleting the part you messed up in and continuing on.
It has bad quality. I have android too and its not working. Ever since i updated it, the fast and normal button didn't work. When i use fast it comes out bad and its not in sync. When i use normal it works, but then when I post it comes out bad. Please fix! Why did you guys change evrything. Its bad!
Some of these reviews are horrible, such as rating it 5 stars because you can message free... Conclusion: app has always been a resource drainer and recently with all of these annoying updates such as camera in the front menu, it's horrible. The only reason I personally use it is because I don't want to type in the Facebook chat, makes no sense if you have a smartphone. But the messenger app is total failure. Good day.
The performance of this app is problematic. Videos fail to load, gifs fail to load, adding contacts sometimes fails. At best facebook messenger is inconsistent. And this is across multiple modern devices from different manufacturers. With so many other options out there for messaging, this one you can do without.  For positives, I can say this app has a lot of features, including sms integration, bots, and other third party integrations. However, while features are added and updates distributed, old problems persist.  This app is a constant source of frustration for me.
Please make those stickers work. Yes i use many just for fun and i'm really annoyed by the fact that i can't see like 70% of them when I send or when somebody else does. I don't know what the problem could be. I had the same issue with Note II and now with my S7. I'll wait for your response. Thank you
Wish messenger was still connected to Facebook app not so it own. I can understand this works better for many users. I like some prefer to have messenger in one app. I don't care for a icon popping up whenever some messages. But low star reviews opinions don't matter to Facebook company. So I Install when needed uninstall when No longer needed. So it whatever.
Previously worked, now says session expired please log in again! only works on messenger I can access messages fine through browsers! Think im going to remove it for this reason as its no use to me! - doesnt need an update & everything else works on phone
With every update it is more worthless than ever. Line app has taken the majority of my messaging now. Messenger is NOT secure, and now unusable to scroll and always switching to take video on selfie camera. Complete rubbish and intrusive. Zero stars if it had option.
I think Facebook should have its own messenger. Y'all need to get together some damn thing I don't know what. I see I'm kinda forced to use you messenger... but I haven't tried the other apps yet. Going to though. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to let me address my concern and comment.
Went to take a video of my son using messenger to send to my friend.....waste of time and missed the moment as the sound didnt work!!!!! Since the last update the camera is absolutely shocking! The quality of this is just as bad as snapchat! Pretty miffed that this app seems to get worse the more updates there are.
I love this app.its very helpful this is my first time using it this year and it tells me the same thing that where's my refund says...thankx
Used it last year and had no issues, looked up several refunds for different people!
The app itself is fine, but this Path ACT is a massive issue for so many. The IRS is such a bureaucratic nightmare that they have to make people wait for months longer than usual for their refunds just to thwart fraud, when that should have been a fixture of the process to begin with. So why should it take longer? I know, because the people that work in these places are federal employees and "it's good enough for gubment work" goes a long way in places like that. And on top of that, the process will take even longer because the IRS doesn't work weekends or holidays.   Any company or corporation would work through down time to insure lesser problems don't crop up, but the drones at the IRS can't be bothered to do such a thing for the millions of people that are relying on that money simply to survive. If you're poor or you have a lot of children and filed with Earned Income Credit or Additional Child Credit you'll have to wait until the beginning of March before you see a dime of your money. The IRS will be scrutinizing every detail of every return of the less fortunate people in this country, when they should be looking the other direction, despite the fact that billions a year go to fraudulent tax claims and THAT is the issue I'm trying to address. The IRS should have been able to combat that in its entirety this entire time and have the proper manpower and procedures to get it done in the normal timeframe. But they're just now taking it seriously and instead of the IRS working harder, the poorest people in this country will be losing things like their homes, cars, electricity, gas or water, unable to pay for food and diapers. Because they rely on that money. The IRS is a joke.
Hmm let's try u out how about I'll rate u after I get my refund...The faster u are the more Stars you get..Lol-2017
I used it last year and it gave me the right dates all the way threw
Accurate, easy to use and convenient. Have been using this app for 6 years.
I've had this app on my Sprint Samsung Galaxy S5 for a little over 2 yrs now & it STILL works PERFECTLY!!! The only thing I've noticed is that the majority of the tones/pics use a lot of memory, most pics using a min of 1MB for example!!! The only tones that use less are the sms & mid tones!!! I WOULD REALLY LOVE IT IF THERE WAS A WAY THE APP COULD MAYBE LEARN FROM MY VOTES!!! I VOTE PRETTY OFTEN SO IT WOULD BE NICE IF I COULD BE SHOWN MORE OF WHAT I LIKE AND VERY MUCH LESS OF WHAT I DON'T LIKE!!!! However... I will say the quality is FABULOUS!!! The pics are so CLEAR, the colors are GORGEOUS & VIBRANT, and the tones are CRYSTAL CLEAR!!! So the app's DEFINITELY WORTH IT!!! 😃😄😊☺ Keep up with the great work, Devs!!!!!
I love the app and the ringtones but for some reason within the past month and a half, all of my ringtones have been disappearing off of my phone and I have to go back and redownload them. I've had this app for a very long time and have never had this problem before. Please fix this issue. Thank you.
I just Love personally setting up each and Every Contact! Hey I'm 57 Years old and definitely Heard a Lot of. The Old School Rings Annoying they were!! My Parents are both passed but they would be AMAZED!!at. The. Technology in Last 10 Years even!!!!I. Can remember watching the VERY FIRST! episode of. Star Trek with my. Dad and the old Tricorder.  Well he passed over 25Yrs ago Long before 1st Cell Phone I'm SURE he would LOVE to see what the Old Tricorder Can DO NOW!!!Keep Up the Good Work Guys!!!!!CHEERS🍺
Good way to get alot of ringtones or notification sounds for free. I got a bunch of legend of zelda ones and its so funny my notification sound is midna's laugh and it creeps everybody out every time it goes off XD
Everytime I download a wallpaper this app knocks out my phone icon. I contacted zedge about this last year not fixed just updated today, and the app knocked out my phone icon. Also I was using the Steampunked icons and can't find them now.
The over zealous advertising in this app has turned horrible. C'mon! A full-page ad that I am unable to pass by until the video stops is irritating, to say the least. Otherwise, Zedge can be fun.
When looking for other cultures they're nice pic of white females but poor looking African. Needs a lot of work because this is very disappointed. Will not recommend until I see updates.
Better than snap chat
Nice easy to talk
Super cool love it
So much fun
Love it😄
Awesome
Update: I've sent SEVERAL emails to the Marco Polo help and NO changes have been implemented. There is still NO timer to let u know how long the messages are. If u leave the app b4 finishing a video, u have to start the video from the beginning. U cannot start at it a specific point. U can only fast fwd. NO one wants to sit thru a 10 minute video all over when u only want to hear the last 3 minutes. I have now gone from 3 to 1 star. GLIDE is a much better and useful app. U can do the same thing plus more.
Watching a friend talk, like they are there with you, instead of far away, no more making you play phone tag, leave messages or wait on a text, is sooo easy now! I love talking to people who matter most to me with Marco Polo! Now, I don't miss them as much! Thanks guys! A+ 5☆ app
I wish there was a meter to determine the length of the polo and a way to not only ff but jump way ahead, you can imagine how tedious to have to restart a 55 minute polo of you lose signal at minute 54. Also it really is a power hog, i can watch my battery drain away and even when plugged its sucking more than can be recharged.  Apart from that I've found this app to be extremely user friendly, even my 70 year old mother cam navigate with relative ease.  Thank you.
I really love this game. My 6 year old downloaded it and I just had to get it myself after seeing him playing for do long and loving it. But it keeps freezing then coming back on and I've crashed. This needs fixing then I'd give a 5 star rating. Something else is I think it would be more fun if there was a leader board or something with everyone's scores on. Maybe if you could connect to Facebook and play to get a higher score than your friends would make it better to.
I absolutely love this game. Because it is a great time killer. Whenever I have to wait until a certain time for something I play this game. It is really easy to control. Everybody else says its hard. Well that is just because you need to play it more to get better at it. I also like the variety of different patterns thay have for the snake/worm. The last thing about this game that I like is that you can type whatever name you want!! Slither.io is an awesome game. That is why I like this game.
Would be nice if while playing the game you were awarded coins or something based on length achieved to spend to unlock skins. There are already so many skins free to choose but maybe some type of rewards for doing well. 10k in length just to die and start over. This game is a great time killer as is and very fun. I take the most joy from it by killing worms larger than me.
I love this game, very competitive! I've recently been having some issues with this game on my android phone and my tablet, where if I lose a round and it takes me to the ad, after the ad it goes black or the background is black but has the area where you put your name! I have to either reset my phone/ tablet, or I have to use a couple aps before it works again.
This is an awesome game. Very addictive and a great time eater. But...THE FREAKING LAG ONLINE IS INSANE!!!! Please double your servers or whatever you need to do to fix that!! It would also be nice not to have to put in your name EVERY time you play. Another good improvement would be to make the chasing balls double your size and worth the chase for the small guys. Oh and don't forget to make the control sizable to fat fingers. It's way too small!
I love the concept of this snake game. I have played it continued 4 hour, and it is really fun,  but it can be more entertaining if you guys add audio on it. I have rated it 3 stars,  i can rate it 4 if u add some good sound effects in it. I usually play the second option of the game,  and in online part the snake is not moves smoothly. If u guys add more featurs in it,  like sound and also vibration and screen rotation feature it would be nyc
I live slither .io so much you can pick your worm, well........you can pick as in costimize kinda oh well.....I just know I love slither.io and also here's a tip:download roblox it's so fun! heres a joke: where do pencils go on vacation? pencil-vania! hahaha hahaha hope you enjoyed reading this, bye!
This is awesome with bots but the online option is REALLY Laggy my WiFi is perfect Fix that but awesome game And Also on AI mode there's no big snakes add some 20,000 in there it is gonna be alot more fun Great Game Tho! Kewl Skins BTW thanks for adding lots more :D Thx for this Lowtech . Miniclip wouldnt make a slitherio app for mobile. Miniclip only cares about their money!
It is so amazing when you get very long as a snake or worm I have a very good tip:   When you are over 3000 you should find a little one and press the arrow like this  ^ and you would go faster. When you get faster you should make the little worm/snake trapped.  Each time get smaller and smaller then there head would touch your body for how small you get. Be carefully NOT to touch your head on there body!
The game's mechanics are great, It looks good, and is very addictive. However most of the answers on here can be impossible for any fellow Englishman - for example, one of the answers was something to do with Oprahs friend and her travelling TV series (had to Google it). Don't shut out the potential UK users (and the rest of the world) with something only an American would know!
I don't know if I'm just really good at solving puzzles or if its just too easy. Either way, it may do some good to make the puzzles more challenging. Not quite sure yet if starting back at 1 with the gift boxes is detrimental or not but it does suck when you've opened 3 only to go back to one. But at least you get to keep the souvenirs.
The game is fun to play. It would be nice if you win under 1000 the game would give you a minimum of 1000 dollars. It would also be great if you got an additional monetary amount in addition to the prize box when you win the bonus round. I notice that every time I spin and accumulate large amounts 20K 30k it always give bankruptcy on the next spin. That's kinda fixed and is not cool
Actually a pretty cool app. I haven't had to buy anything yet, but I only play a few games a day. Ads aren't too long, which is cool. I like the set up. Similar kind of layout as Bingo Blitz. Easy to navigate and understand. Its fun with cool side stuff. I like the head to head feature. I'm pretty picky and install and delete right away if I don't dig the app or game. I rarely rate anything... ever... but i like this game.
I grew up Watching this word game.  I enjoy playing online,  but need more tickets for your diamonds . 150 diamonds for 3 playing Tickets,  then increases to 5, then (?) as one advances. I will always love "Wheel of Fortune!" ~ Having a great time! Need to watch spending real money on game play Diamonds though.
I have a request.  Can you please fix it so that I can send puzzles within the game?  I want to send puzzles that I made to my daughter but she isn't on fb and does not have a cell phone for me to text her. I didn't see another option to e-mail it or send it within the game by clicking on her name.
I guess I'm addicted to this game.. Lol... It's fun &relaxing... I've actually gotten pretty good.. When I was a kid I used to watch wheel of fortune every night with my grandma.. She's been gone for a while now and I still miss her ...this  game keeps my memory alive... She just loved that show... So thanks and keep up the good work.. 😊
Love the game highly.addictive. only thing I wish is that the number of diamonds you earn should be more. It makes it.so you pretty much have to buy them to enter the tournaments or to.get hints  or anything like that. But that's my only complaint so not bad! Still love the game just not.purchading diamonds to advance.
This game really cheats a lot. It dosent matter what you buy on this game, even the most lowest rated teams will make you look like a amateur in this game. Also, when I earn achievements in the games I never get them at all. And last, I have had 3 great teams that I payed a lot of money for resseted after the seasons. With that being said GOODBYE MADDEN MOBILE!!!!
Every season yout team resets and you say it is because it is more like real life. I say that is stupid because in   real life teams teams keep most of their players, maybe even all their players. So, if you think about it it is stupid. I would rate it 5 stars for the game not to reset at the end of evey season. Also it is stupid because the gameplay is so bad. a 91 doug baldwin cant catch between two people but a cpu mike evans can catch  between three or four people how does that work
It's a great game, I've been playing for years, the only problem I have is that you have to play so many live events and head to heads just to get a mediocre player. Wish there was a way to get more coins for your time. Please EA give a little more coins for each h2h and Live event.
Ive always loved Madden. This game is a great game to play, but there's just an annoying thing that's been bothering me; why the hell do you suggest plays that are on the other persons gameplan? I've lost so many matches because of that. Fix it please. I've almost thrown my phone about 6 times
You need to make it so that the receivers can catch the ball in stride. So many times I have the DB beat by at least 5 yards and when I catch the ball my receiver almost stops and shoulder charges back at the DB and I get tackled. You can never catch the ball over a DB in full stride and maintain speed to get a touchdown. Also need to make punt return and kickoff returns a little less difficult. You always get tackled within 10 yards of catching the ball if you're lucky no matter who you have as a return man. No chance of breaking one for a big gain.
You should update the game so the special  teams have trick plays like fake field goal pass, and fake punt pass, that's why the kicker and punter have throw power and accuracy right? That would make the game a lot  better it's a really fun and great game! 5 stars after that update.
Ever since the new update. 90% of my plays are countered in H2H. And I'm not using the same play over and over. It just counters almost every play. And even when it's not countered, passes are intercepted at an extremely significant higher rate than before. There have been 3 times since the update where it literally showed my guy catch the ball with no other guys within 5-6 yards and then it says intercepted and the drive is over. I'm trying to finish the Mobile Masters set but it's impossible when every play is countered.
I just wish i didnt by a 81 anquan boldin for 8000 coins rather than bidding for 200 coins. I mean instead of pressing buy now, i would like a "are you sure?" screen to pop up. Otherwise great fantastic game!
Well I do love Amazon but there have been several times that they have not got me my things. But I don't know if it is on there end or it could also be the ups people as well. But other than that when I can't find a certain item at the stores I will definitely order from Amazon!!
App does not work after lollipop update, it immediately crashes after opening. 6/20 still crashes but not instantly maybe after 3-5 seconds.
Paid 11$ extra for one day shipping. Its been 4 days now and tells me its going to arrive the 17th. Like are you kidding me.
my only beef with this setup is how items takes longer than anticipated... not once, or twice but recurrent!.. hence 4 stars!
Pretty good and use it for every thing should get more items like bape or Supreme
I enjoy several crafting hobbies and this is my go to app!
Never had a problem and it's easy to use!!
I already know im gonna rage at this game and delete it,but ill give it 4 stars, cuz why not?
Thus game is fantastic because you can play it anywhere you are at. you also  get new balls and new packs to play
Sometimes glitchy but a great game that I am obsessed with
It is so challenging and super fun TRUTH OR DARE DARE~ I DARE YOU TO DOWNLOAD TRUTH~ THE TRUTH IS THIS APP IS 💣💣💣💣💣💣💣💣
I cracked my phone and it said don't break your phone in the trailer
Warning😈😈it's so exciting game and if u study then don't play it because u never want to let it down
it is very nice game but when we play come in entertainment this happens very often
Play after 2-3 round the gameplay will out of colour Isn't bug ? Plz Fix It
Awesome extremely addictive! CAN NOT STOP PLAYING!! Highly recommended! Can play it Offline OR Online!
Its amazing all the songs up here... But the only thing is it stops sometimes
I find this app very useful for listing Most new songs for free.
I suggest for a dislike button to be added to lead to a more accurate "Discover more tracks" section
It's amazing it's easy to use and you don't need Wi-Fi
This is a great app to hear audio. And to post my meditations
Wether you like it or not, but the design quality is just outstanding!
Just down loaded give me 1 month ask me then.
Lax security on account, no F2A
I need help when i sign in it says type in your phone number and i type in my number and it keeps saying sorry cant reach sms with this number! So ur saying that my phone number cant reach sms... well guess wat im only gonna keep this app if u delete writing ur phone number if u dont im gonna delete this app!!!😐 plz write back so i know if ur gonna do it or not☺
This app is fun and all but its so hard to become popular. The musical.ly team/app does an absolute poor job at helping those who are not known become known. Just like Vine, the popular people stay popular while the unpopular stay like that. Its extremely difficult to get on the Featured list because the well known people are always on there. So if your hopes are to be famous on here, MOVE to a different app because this one is not the right one.
Musically is really an amazing app... Yet am giving it poor ratings cause it's basically an iPhone app and not an android friendly one.. You have so many features in iPhone but none in android... Transition doesn't even work properly in android.. music doesn't match properly.. can't select required songs... No filters are there... Camera quality is bad when compared to iPhone.. make all these changes.. specially the transition part... Comes sooo good in iPhone but not at all in android...👎👎
This app is such a great way to post adventures with clear music. However, Musica.ly is lacking to update on an Android than and IOS, as there are face filters and reverse options, I would have loved it if only there were these options. If this is possible, I would really recommend adding it to the Android. If so, please reply via email to me.
Omg  😆😆 I think I have fallen in love. This app is a good app if you rlly love and to act silly sometimes and it's also good to share to tons of ppl 😎 I love this app I found my favorite app were I can become famous over nite lmao... jp  but you  can .. that's the point of this app so... DOWNLOAD  IT  RIGHT NOW  ♡♡♡♡♡
Musical.ly team can you please bring back the old musical.ly, where I can access my videos even when I'm offline.  I'm very addicted with this app, but with the latest update I don't think I will use musical.ly more often.  Actually I can't use it often because of that, because here in the Philippines We don't have a stable Internet connection.  So that's what all I have to say Thank you
Hate it! Unfortunately had to install as Facebook had blocked any other way to access messenger through my phone. So intrusive and so many uneeded features. Too big and will require constant updates like the current Facebook app, sigh!
I cannot see any messages in my inbox. I cannot chat anybody because of othis "Something went wrong" issue after the update. Please fix this. I still dont understand why we need another app for chat. This is just a waste of resources.
reduce data consumption please.and sometimes my messages take long time to send but i can receive messages from others at the same time. for last few days it cuts the network frequently when other apps still work with mobile data. make improvement in it
Messanger was great but nobody wants all this increases functionality and concerning integration. This is to message a person or group - remove everything else please. I can't understand the interface now and it's got huge. Stop. Stop 'value adding' cause your not. Less is more.
This Snapchat like UI is too laggy I mean I have an S6 Edge 64gb and it is laggy and the cpu has a hard time working with this app as it generates heath like no other game. I play Hearthstone 3 hours and it does not lag or heat...
I gave 4 star "before", but now only ONE STAR.  I HATE the new set up of messenger. I appreciate every update but make it look unique, very useful but easy to navigate. Please don't make messenger look like a social media. 2 THUMBS DOWN!
Since the last couple of updates I had to uninstall and install this. It keeps saying "something went wrong". There's always a notification even if there is no new message. And when I'm at the facebook page and there's notification on Messenger, when you click it, it will blink like crazy and the screen will go blank and show "something went wrong".  I don't appreciate hiding each and every time things I don't want to see on my screen. And there are times when I can't even complete scroll down. It just stops and revert back on top. These updates ruins the experience of chatting with friends with ease. Kindly fix these problems.
After last update it goes really laggy.  Not an issue with my new s7 edge. Plenty of ram free still leggy after speaking with 2 or more persons Simultaneously. I hope you will fix it asap
I'm using LGV10. And I used to use this app without any problems. But recently (I don't know if it's the latest update or anything) when I send videos privately to my friends in messenger. The video has no sound. It record no sound only the video. I thought of it rather weird so I reinstalled the app. But same thing happens. I really love messenger but this makes me frustrated. Looking forward to a reply. Thank you
Downloaded the app to watch the superebowl from my phone only to find out that you can only watch the superbowl from a tablet or computer connected device so what is the purpose of this app?  Isint a phone similar to a tablet?  I can watch the programing from a tablet but not my phone?  What is the purpose or usefulness of this app then?  Then afer I posted a negative review it won't let me sign in through my service provider.  It wont even let me enter my credentials
Lol I use this app every year and I'm so thankful to have it.
It keeps telling me I put the wrong information in. But I know its right
"It's currently unavailable". This Damn thing has been unavailable for a long time. And no, I don't have dependants, or anything special.  1040ez basically, and it's been accepted according to the website.
Ive used this app for several years now and ive never been dissapointed! I can check the status of my refund without blowing up my tax preparer's phone. 5 🌟's from me!
It is great news to know about your refund is being deposited
It does what it says. I like it.  And I claimed a dependant for the first time this year and can still log in and see the progress, Glad I went to it.
It doesn't work at all...it tells me my information is entered wrong every time.
None of the ringtones, notifications are assigning to the contacts.. This is the 1st time I've had this happen.. I've used Zedge B4 and never had a problem..assist me and I'll gladly change me review😥2/10..Everything is working perfectly now..Just as it's always done for me with this app..Thank you
I have used ZEDGE for years. It is an amazing service and awesome app. I remember when Ringtones were charged for, like £5 and so on. Thanks to ZEDGE, and ZEDGE users, those days are LONG GONE thank God. I absolutely can't recommend this app enough. It works flawlessly and is so easy to use. A must have app. I share it to all my friends and family and they love it too.
awesome-est all-in-one app for personalization!  I have always had this app on ALL of my devices (except laptop which I did find a step-by-step instruction on how to run it on windows 10).can`t wait to see what else  they add in the future!  it does contain ads,  not as manyas it did a couple of years ago,  but it's tolerable if you stop and realize that that`s how they keep these apps free!  150% loyal fan!
Great app. Haven't tried all of the features but I will. Great selection of ringtones, well organized, and a lot to choose from. Search functionality works great.  The content does seem to change between versions (a good thing - more choices).
It's a great app, and I don't mind ads, per se, but a lot of them are intrusive and sometimes make you lose what you're typing or where you are in your searches, so that keeps me from giving it 5 stars.  Little ads on the bottom are fine, but being interrupted while I'm doing something is just unprofessional.
I love this app. I've been using it for years , have a great selection to choose from. Only complaint is there's a lot of repeating tones need to clear that up Zedge. Keep putting them out be cuz I'll keep downloading :)
I'm in love with this app. Never have I found an app for wallpaper, ringtones and notifacation sounds this good. It has virutally everything. From games, to clips of your favorite songs, to TV programmes and much more. This is worth it and what's more, it's all completely free. This is worth downloading
NONE TO COMPARE WITH THE QUALITY AND THE RANGE,NOT FORGETTING THE EASE OF USE? What's to think about? Get it now!I could say more...but I'd have to start charging...and I'm expensive??? ;)))
I like the app just fine it's pretty instantaneous and simple to use my only issue is the fact that the video sends automatically meaning you may need to rush to remove.  The only other thing of note is that there is no mention of privacy or how long they stay on your server so privacy is an issue I advise caution
For most part I love the app, only thing I don't like so far is unlike a text you can delete any mesg you want...with this you can't delete others videos sent to you, just your own. I also hope in the future they add stickers to spice things up. Overall though I'm having lots of fun with it.
I love love love marco polo! I hate talking on the phone and sometimes texting is too hard. When  you can send a video to  message it's alot  more personal to see your friend, or loved ones while they talk. You can listen while you multi task as well.  get direct live video walkie talkie.
I would give it 5 stars but like everyone  these days the app developers have jumped on the bandwagon with too much access to too much personal info and data. Secondly it must run in the background as I have had the app for about a week and since then everytime I go to use my phone its  about dead. It really  seem to drain my battery. Due to those issues I give it a 3 and most likely uninstall the app.
It's fun hilarious and it takes the edge off of the immediate response of a text.  I'm better satisfied I get to see my partner than wait for words to show up on a screen.  It restored communication and misunderstanding because when my partner responds he has the empathy for issues in the video that he lacks in texting.  Quick easy app.
I did NOT WANT OTHER MARCO POLO USERS TO KNOW THAT I WAS A CURRENT USER... Basically people (everyone) in my contacts...I have contacts that I don't associate with socially! Please change this feature...I only wanted it for family conversations...
When my family said to try this app i was thinking, this looks nerdy. Lol. But I downloaded it and have been loving it ever since! Great app for anyone that just wants to spout off a quick message to their friends and family
Great way to video walkie talkie with friends! I use it when I have too much to say over text, but not enough to make a phone call. This is great for being able to see your friends throughout the day!
Ok, I was having fun at first especially when playing with bots. BUT now, it's really hard to play online. It's hard to control and it's kinda lag and I die too fast. So I can only have fun when playing offline.  :(  PLEASE fix. TQ.  Besides that, this is now my favorite game. :) I finally have a favorite game. I was always not sure which one is the one I like the most cuz the other games were and still are not that fun or interesting compared to this. I shouldn't have underestimated this when I saw people playing it. Now I realized and I never regretted after installing and playing it. :) Definitely suggest that u give it a try.
I first saw this game on YouTube played by my favourite gamer "Kwebbelkop" so i downloaded it,i was happy at first but when i tried online game then it just keeps on loading and loading, and it's not a network problem cause i have a 4g network. So please fix this problem. I would love to give it 5 stars if it worked properly...
Hey I know you are on our rental car insurance n. Hey I have my kids and neighbors kids still coming back in. Lol no I don't get some stuff done for you? If I can help in a minute or whatever you know. Hey how easy with u something? And do u know me to go home for sure lol im just got done everything in the middle both stay overnight delivery to be an
The game itself is fantastic and addictive. However, even tho I am on Sky fibre Max wi-fi and with high spec'ed phone the game lags massively. There is no chance I can enjoy the online game, when others fall onto me and I am the one to lose. Not cool. Hopefully we can see a better version in the future. Also, could you please add some bigger snakes on the offline mode? Thank you.
It's addicting and fun. I'm not very good at it, but its a good game nonetheless. The controls take a minute to get used to, I wish they were automatically set for right handed people. (Sense right handedness is dominant over left handedness, it makes sense) Controlling the worm/snake thing was easier once I figured out how to change that.
Can it tell you after who killed you?                    You can then give them revenge,lol.      Can it also tell you how many people of each skin colour are playing at that time?                                                         Because I am called GoGreens!, I help green snakes and it would be interesting to see how many snakes of that colour are playing and what is the most popular skin. :).                              But yes, this is a really fun game!!! Well done to you all who made this! :D
Simple to play.  Beautiful to the eye.  Smooth & graceful..  Ahhh ! .. But such beauty may be all too short lived.  The masters of the game are out there, waiting to flip, turn, and roll you into their pile of tasty energy nuggets, in the eternal battle for worm world domination.. So, sunshine; Are you champion.. or chum.. ?    [FROST]
Great quality game I just hate that you only get one spin per turn, unlike the real game. Other than that I love it! I just read another review that said "too many ads" I've played all day and haven't seen one. Hmmm...
The graphics are awesomely aestheticly pleasing. So many ways to play even with no tickets. The souvenirs from around the world are intriguing and the different cities feel as though I'm actually visiting at least virtually. The increasing difficulty makes a complete journey. Pure genius. Three thumbs and two big toes up.
I'm a longtime fan of Wheel of Fortune and have been playing for years on my other devices. This one is a disappointment because of the glitches. For ex. the puzzle is What are you doing? The answer is Walking on white sandy beaches, but on my spin I chose the letter H and was only given credit for one (H in the word white) no credit for H in beaches, so the next player chose it and won. :-(
I love this game but I agree with some of the other comments - freezes up quite a bit & way too many ads. I have been playing for a few months now & no destinations have been added after Washington D.C. - now I've finished D.C & am just stuck waiting with everyone else. What's the hold up on more destinations? You keep making pointless updates when majority of us are waiting for more destinations.
The only suggestion i have right now is to please change the way vanna's showcase letter pops in my face. I cover the screen because it sounds like a balloon popping in my face and it jumps out and is harsh on my eyes. Im light sensitive and that's the worst part for me. Please soften it up. Also the all white segue wipe is harsh.
Love the head to head play, however the world tour play is lacking. The computer will solve a really difficult puzzle with several letters unturned, then it won't solve a simple puzzle with only a couple of letters left. I'm a top player in head to head but you have to buy diamonds to allow you to be in the top three on the world tour. I can't afford to do so.Having put this negative feedback out there, I really enjoy the game.i just can't get hung up on the tournaments
Once again you too away the opportunity to win diamonds during spins.  Instead we get the lousy Vanna letters.  I want to win diamonds so I can continue to play.  Also, it's been over a month since we have seen a new location. I have already gone thru every City 3 times.
It's a lot of fun. And if you have friends to play against you can play for quite a while. The only thing I wish they would change is in collecting letters for Vanna's vault I have hundreds of vowels, over a thousand, but the consonants are far too rare to do anything.
Sideline guys with orange jackets look like inflatable giraffes. Gameplay tends to lag and or slow down after continuous gaming. I have 3 GB of RAM but this has happened quite few times. But still the best football game out there.
EA: I would just like to give my honest opinion. The game is great, but it is not what it used to be. I remember when we used to get multiple promo masters and higher overall players. I loved this game and I still do, but I would like to ask that you take a look at noobkill and mmg channels, they summed up the communities complaints and critiques nicely. I hope that you add extra and continue to make the game better.
Here's why this game sucks now. H2H is a guaranteed interception if you throw a pass. It's so hard. QB fumbles on scramble. If your wide receiver has the CB beat, the quarterback will under throw the ball. Because whoever developed this game, never played football. Quarterbacks throw over the outside shoulder. Not this game. Interception.  Clearly the developers are guy who never played. Fat lineman are faster than your running back.
Can't buy anything anymore. One user buying everything and putting stuff up really high. This forces you to buy and hope you getting something good from app store. 99℅ of time you don't. If you have a problem with the game you never get help. Also users using third party apps and buying coins from others and buying stuff 100million coins. I play every day and make lots of coin but impossible to keep up with cheaters and hackers
Game play is great, controls are outstanding for a game on a phone, but there's no penalties when there's massive amounts of pass interference. I think penalties need to be added. Also spending money on the game isn't worth it. The packs this year were horrible. And why can't we sell cards that we don't need. Also the defensive strategies were better last year. I do not like the gameplans. Also to people that play this game, stop selling cards for millions of coins. Nobody makes that kind of money. Make this game more reasonable.
How do you sue the game or EA  seriously I want to talk to ea . The game really is bad. This madden mobile is really bad.  Ihave never seen a game so bad. OR PLAYED. If EA wants to cheat then the company will go down. Also the reaction time is to fast.  I am serously gonna sue dad a lawyer did not agree ea going down
The game was great until the latest update. Now im unable to flip sides on defense and the cb/s flex is stuck on the right side. Theres no fun in allowing the opponent's O to have big plays and having no control. PLEASE FIX THIS SOON.
amazon is way awesome and convenient!
OK app easy to use.
Shop Here!
Thanks again.
Great!
I like it because when I get bored I have this to play
Too much ads. But I think this game is addictive and good.
Osom game but hate d advertisements
I will rate this 5 stars if all ads are removed!!!
But it is really fun when your bored or your power turns off
The game is really one of my favorite video games
Awesome fun and not many ads and love the music
It's afantastic app  I love it
Wont let me logon and wont email me new password
I just downloaded this app and it dont work
Rare songs of carnatic legs ds,I can listen,audio quality Tobe improved.but great,great service!the K you so much!
nan
I love making Musical.lys, but the new update kind of sucks for android users. The font and everything is changed. Also when I go to make a musical.ly my face is sort of distorted. I've had this happen before and it was fixed by the next update, so hopefully you can fix this please.
Musically is OK but It's not the best thing I've ever played. We all have to be careful in social society games especially musically because older men can come as little children and lure u into death.
Um Musical.ly has changed my life. I love how I can get in contact with close friends anddd meet new friends. This app has changed my life in many ways, I find it comes me down when I am stressed, it helps me realise there's more to life then just hate and bullies and this person that does these videos is a whole different person then they are in real. Thank You for creating this app. it has changed my life. :) (P.S it is addictive, my friends and I are both addicted.)
I completely in love with the app.... BUT after the new update im starting to get disappointed  now i can't open my private musical.lys except if i have internet connetion... while i the previous one i could open it even when im offline
It's great if u like pretending to impersonate someone by lip syncing their songs. But the new update is really bad for people with android phones because when you're making the musical.ly the syncing comes out perfect however when you post it, it's another story.
The update isn't working on my phone. It's not letting me do the update and my phone is pretty new. If you can get this fixed I will rate 5 stars! Thank you very much I hope you will get back soon and tell me how to do this update. Thank you
I'm addicted to Musical.ly now. Wow. Loved the app. It's really fun. I have some complaints but I think you need to figure that one out. Other than that, loved the app. Keep up a good work! ♡~
I have had musically for a long time, but it doesn't say if u really want to delete it just in case u didn't want to. I deleted A video of my birds that I had to sell. I don't have them anymore and it's heartbreaking to see the video gone. I was going to save it on my gallery, and pressed delete on accident.😭
The longer you have it, the more it slows down your phone, conflicts with your other apps, and generally gums up their functions.  Since the last update as well, it has stopped communicating properly with the S6's camera.  Still, more people are using this now than regular texting so....
I'm really disappointed with this app. Half of the time it tells me I'm not connected (to the internet) when I clearly am and it frequently tells me that 'something has gone wrong' without explanation. My messages don't actually send a lot of the time and I come back to the app to see a message I tried to send 3 hours ago hasn't actually gone from a ○ circle to the blue tick circle! Please sort it out!
This app is great.  I only wish that it would alliw u2 use u'r messages app @ the same time w/o having 3 set each one as primary msg. It stinks when u can only msg friends/ family who also have messenger unless u wasn't to constantly switch apps
The sticker usually not show up. And whenever I complain to the customer service, they NEVER do anything or even reply. Don't think that you're a big company so you can do that. Hope you will be poor, very poor soon.
Honestly think that the quality of the app has everything to do with the quality of phone.  I have no complaints except that since the  update before last there hasn't been any sound with my videos.  So, it may be only one complaint but it is a pretty important feature.  Would appreciate if someone could look into this.
Last month I updated the app several times and it made my phone reboot for no reasons. It seemed no problem when I finally gave up update and tried to uninstall/install the app. However today, it suddenly asked me to log in again and sent a message said I just joined messenger to my FB friends. Hey why Messenger can send a message without user's consent?? And the user can't even know how many FB friends are bothered by the message. Such a bad experience.
Truly suckz that the android app doesn't show live games on all fully capable android devicez. I missed the superbowl because my note 5- basically a mini tablet/ phablet- wasnt able to retrieve the content as a "portable device" (ie tablet laptop etc) would. Great job guyz.
So the reason you decided to NOT allow us to watch the SuperBowl on a cell but we can watch on a tablet is what? I have xfinity and pay for your channel  (which is BASIC CABLE  ) but I'm not allowed to watch on my phone. Your lack of understanding really shows hiw much you care. Keep pissing people off and you'll end up hated like CNN.
Works for exactly one time. Then needs to be reinstalled. Total and complete failure to perform. And the best part (this so cool), when you reinstall it, you have to restart the device because "not enough space" even though there's 4 gb free space. I love doing that.
I really really really want to like this app but it never loads anything. I've been downloading this app for basically the entire year and nothing happens. So I delete it and wait and re-download and delete and wait over and over again and nothing changes. Can't use the website either because it says it's harmful. Very irritating. Once this is able to work, I'll change this immediately and give it 5 stars because it looks great. Only if I can get in.
Advertised that I can stream the Superbowl through this app, great, I download it on my phone.  Test it out, stream to my Chromecast perfectly.  Kickoff comes and I go to start the stream, notification that due to licencing rights, I can't stream it on my phone........No problem, I tether my tablet to my phone and download the app on it as well.  I go to stream.....and it works great....on the tiny screen.   No problem, I tap the Chromecast button.......notification comes up that I can't stream it on Chromecast either.  You duck fox, and I've barely watched any nfl this season anyway.  I'm done with both of you!
Chromecasted the Superbowl to save money on cable. In the middle of the Superbowl, the video stream completely died. Checked internet speed and wifi traffic... everything was fine. The only thing that didn't work was the FOX app. Apparently, we missed a historic game.
Kept erroring with a "null" error message and won't let me watch the NFC championship. It says i need to use a supported device, and I'm sittinf here using my phone. Bad app.
This app keeps telling me the information is incorrect when I'm putting it in correctly.
I wish it would stay logged in, but, it tells me what I need it to and didn't quick.
Does not give option of year of taxes filed
Keeps telling me I am entering wrong information
I put my information in and it tells me my information don't match I don't know what's going on
It stinks , gives  you  the  run around , won't  let  you  enter  information .
I love it cuz I like the fact that metro makes these games to keep us sake and so we wouldn't die because of dumb things! The things they do are hilarious but the fact that they make blood explode everywhere makes me wanna puke! Its a hilarious yet very dramatic game, try it out! 😂
Great simple , get you on the edge of your seat fun. This is a simplistic great fun time waster. Graphics are simple cartoon like. Controls are dead on and fantastic with the gameplay.  Needs a great story with some bad guys to run from or stop and make waste of. And you would have a new Nintendo level mobile app game. In all a great time waster for any one in the world. Great work Dev.
For some reason my phone is not loading Zedge! The thing pops up and says that their experiencing problems with the system, so can you please fix it? I love the app anyway! Thanks!
Zedge continue to disappoint. Jiddery loading, load failure and the constant advertising is beyond annoying. 😵 so much commercial bs, can't even back out or stop them, it's insulting zedge!.... Again with the senseless adds! We are forced to see them with no options to back out!
Update: I have been using Zedge for Years now and  Still no Change STILL The Best App for Wallpapers, Ringtones and Notifications. Thank You Zedge you Rock now and Forever!
Every time I get a phone this is my go to ringtone app. Only Thing I have a prob with is I'm a huge anime nerd and I cant find dubbed things for my favorite animes. Other than that its FANTASTIC!
I used to have this game and you could actually tell what song you were playing. I recently downloaded it again and it sounds like a baby mashing keys on a piano, you absolutely cannot tell what song you're supposedly playing. Uninstalled and trying again. -- it did not work. Very disappointing. Sounds like a dying spazzing toy.
I love this app for keeping in touch with friends and family. You get to see who your talking to which is awesome. My only gripe is that while I'm watching a Polo, if I hit the wrong button, I have to rematch the whole thing. The fast forward button is not fast enough especially if the one I'm watching is several minutes long. If this was modified, I would give it 5 stars.
I hate that the app sent a walkie talkie request to all my contacts when I first set up. Business contacts did not appreciate that. I would prefer to pick and choose the contracts myself. I also don't like the repeat alerts.
Only starting to explore the photobot after having the app for a couple months. Still deciding  pro's and con's of the app and if it is beneficial to keep installed. So far, I do like it. My mother however, was very VERY unhappy and embarrassed when a message was sent to all her contacts. That is unacceptable. My suggestion is a a very brief, to the point, tutorial using a slide show presentation format, include printed, spoken, SHORT and CLEAR directions. Be sure to make the point of explaining the benefits of why this app is awesome.
I love this app. My Grandchildren live across the country from me and we are able to send messages back and forth. The video chat apps have never worked as well for us because of timing. But Marco Polo is perfect! Thank you so much for creating it.
I would give it more stars if not for the annoying notifications.  If I wanted to reply then I would. I don't need a notification to reply to a Marco from 2 or 3 days ago !! There's a reason that I haven't replied. Geesh
Fix the lag and it would be a 5 star game. So sick of losing a larger life due to am unavoidable but forseeable collision because the lag jumps the other person right in front of me after a forced pause.. my internet is not the issue it's the 100/30 speed
This is awful. How could other players play this ONLINE? My phone is using Lollipop and has 3gb ROM and 32gb RAM and I have a good 4g data connection and still, I barely could control my snake ONLINE. Pretty good UI and so many choices in making your snake unique though, but for what? For AI mode only? Please fix your server for ONLINE use.
"Slitherio" is an addictive, fast-paced, wholesome video game that is safe for the whole family. Players assume command of a drivable worm (snake?) and try to devour colorful balls without colliding with opposing worms. The object is to grow as much as possible without colliding with the opposition. I rate this game five of five stars because it is on par with the desktop browser version. I find the worm highly responsive to touch commands and easy to drive.
It's an amazing game! I love it! The online glitching could be improved a little more. Now I know this doesn't really have to do with the game itself, but  some players have nicknames like 'God is a myth' and things like that. But I wanted to tell you, there is a loving God. He gave up His only Son for you to have your life. (John 3:16) You are His, you are forgiven, you are loved, you are chosen, and you are never alone. He will never leave you nor forsake you. Joshua 1:5
It's usually pretty fun and it is definitely a time killer. I wouldn't recommend this app if you are looking to use the Wi-Fi play mode aspect of it because of serious lag. It is still fun playing against A.I. It has ads but only after you have lost the game. Love, Kali Web, amateur app reviewer
Decided to give this game a 2nd chance on my new (Samsung) phone using my 75mb connection which I am able to play 4 WoW accounts on at the same time with no lag. And yet here I do get lag (despite being perfectly fine on gfs iphone). A very creative and addicting game. It's just unfortunate the developer hired amateur software engineers who seem unable to fix cross platform. Contact me if you want somebody better. The students in my old computer basics class did something similar and surprise! No such issue
I love this game because when it's kids when it's good good really good game you need to try it he died you respond and you can make friends be partners with them and collect these glowing balls and they make a bigger anyway to get to 1 plus on the biggest one then you get the kill everyone but they will respond and you're going to try to get bigger and the biggest one in the game slither.io😣😘😎😍
Good Game. Really Good. But with some small improvements it will be more better. 1. An option to save game must be added, to continue later! 2. A Pause Menu also would be better! 3. The Online gaming isn't so good. It lags! Thats all i See which needs improvements. Everything else is fine? Thanks
Once upon a time you could play for free. However that ship sailed ages ago,  now it's new content almost daily that'll cost a couple hundred to over $10,000. They also don't know how to build a sustainable economy and so now the game has more premium currencies than can be counted. $100/mth to be relevant, $100/wk to be good, $100/day and there will still be people outgrowing you...
I came in second on the bronze level. Didnt win a thing. Took me a week to get there. Then when time was up for that level they put me in the next tier of people and the first place contestants have over 18million in money. Not even possible to get to that amount of money in a week. Need to make those levels more practical.
Can pay a small fee to ditch the ads and its worth it. This is my third day playing and it's easy to learn. I don't use Fakebook and the game community is still friendly and engaging. This game is great for all levels of ability, play and competition. Or you can play it and keep to yourself if you like.
Starts out to be a fun and addictive game until you play in a tournament, your opponents can land on the $10000 spot, sometimes multiple times in a round, but every time I spin it will always stop just short on the spot just before or seem to somehow get just enough extra momentum to land on the spot just after. When the tournament prizes are determined by the 3 highest scores out of 25+ people it seems to me that it is rigged. You have to use up diamonds for what is supposed to be a chance to win a large amount of diamonds, but when it is rigged so that you have no chance to land on the big money spot yet your most likely 'computer' operated opponents will land on it with no trouble at all its rigged. Do not waste your diamonds even trying to win a tournament.
This game was cool in the beginning  it now is getting very tedious. You have to get all these souvenir's to advance but the boxes only give you 1 or 2 objects. Then you only get 5 tickets to get the souvenir's and if you lose a bonus round you start all over again. I also hate that the time to send and receive gifts is so long. The game is very frustrating after awhile. Please give more tickets as you level up and make the amount of souvenirs needed to advance less.
Can be annoying! I always mute my games because of privacy issues. The ads have sound, are LOUD and not all of them can be muted. Therefore I only play this at home. Also some of the game ads go on and on and on. I get they want you to pay for the app but I don't purchase games. While I enjoy the game those two things may be a deal breaker.
My number one complaint is that this game does not let you continue if you guess a letter correctly, like the real game. It kind of defeats the purpose. Like buying vowels becomes pointless unless you have a shot at solving right then. Because if you do buy a vowel and can't solve you are just giving a better chance to the next guy. It's such a shame because this game has such potential. But I'm constantly frustrated everytime i guess a correct letter and my turn is over.
This needs to be more like Madden. Add things like, in league's you get prizes for things like offensive player of the week, offensive player of the year and vice versa, also most passing, and ruching yards, or most td's. It would be funner if you add this stuff. Other than that I really like the game. Would rate it 5 if had this stuff. Also add a MVP, award or prize.
I play this every day and have noticed the the game decides when it wants to win no matter what. Ecmxtremely frustrating. When I have interception opportunities, the boost button doesn't appear and the game intercepts everything it wants. It's returned two kicks to the house on me as well even though my D is rated 88 OVR, And it's downright impossible to return kicks like that in the game!!! Love this game but it's starting to try and force your hand to buy new players.  the run game is impossible, I have a 91 rated davonte freeman being ran down by defensive tackles, that's ridiculous!!!
Why spend money for gd players it don't mean that much. Horrible boring game play. Counters beat the best teams. Interceptions all day. Games boring. Can't believe they pass this as a football game.  Just money drivin.  This game sucks..bad. Events are boring. Half the time there's not enough events u sit thier with stamina. And only option is head to head. Which u can barely even pass.. Linebackers intercept and catch better then my wide relievers. This is a horrible game. Counters need to be apart of the game. But they dominate way to much even low rated teams beat wallet teams because of Counters. So why spend money on players.. It's stupid
I lost 60,000 coins because I accidentally bid on a player I meant to buy. I went back to buy him outright and it didn't credit me back the amount I bid. I would like those back please.   All else in the game is alright, I don't like that the only 2 penalties you can get are against the player. Delay of game and kicking the ball out of bounds. When the computer does it, you get set at about the point it went out, but when you do it, it's a penalty and computer starts on the 40 yd line. I also wish getting headliner players wasn't so impossible.   Fun game though!
Controls dont respond when you tap on receivers, ball gets turned over randomly even when your receiver catches it. No flags, no penalties, just hope your players can do what they should. The special sets in the game take Forever to get. Fix the BUGS in this game.
No forward progress. Can't recover fumble and gain yards in rival match up. Once u start to do good the cpu is cranked way up so you have to buy packs to maintain. Rivals can challenge at anytime so if u don't want to do rivals u lose ur fans game is rigged to take ur money.
I like everything that includes gameplay and all.. but why can't I connect to my goggle play games account... I had worked so hard to build a 80 rated team and now it's all gone .. I can't even log in with that account.. tells me to start a new account... EA please fix this..m
Just because a defense can predict the play you are going to make does not mean they and just run through your offensive linemen like they're not even there. It would also be nice that once I hike the ball I can have the option of a receiver to throw it to not have three seconds to wait before I can toss it almost guarantee me to get sacked. What is the point in evening trying a 2PC if it's going to be countered 90% of the time on a 10% chance...
It's really good for us
Awesome
I love Amazon. This is the first time I felt positively about amazon, and probably will continue to do so. I got charged for amazon prime membership because I forgot to cancel the trial. And then, guess what! They are ready to refund the full amount while terminating my prime membership. Any other company would have not agreed to this, and I would have been hitting my head forever for the 107 bucks I lost. That's why I gave 5 stars to Amazon
I have never had so many issues with ordering from amazon. They didnt weven bother to send my order, until i contacted customer service so that i could be told my account was declined even though they took the money out of my account two weeks before when i ordered. I have been using amazon for years, with very few issues. Until i got this app. So very upsetting.
EDIT: I emailed the seller and customer service, both very nice and helpful and got my money back :) I can only praise amazon for their cumstomer service. Old comment: I actually like this app, however I got an email today telling me I bought a certain product, which is very expensive... And which I did certainly NOT buy as I did not even come close to the buy button!! Trying to cancel the order now, hoping for it to work...
App is ok, my only complaint is that you have no choice on shipping companies. If UPS is the default, I will cancel my order and look somewhere else.  Consumers should be able to choose who we want to ship our goods. If that is an option than I will gladly give 5 stars
This is a review for the app, not the company. Great app. People, if you want to rate Amazon, please do that in the appropriate place. No one wants to know about the delivery mix up and whether you felt upset because your letterbox should have been big enough to accept a package. This app is great, great experience, simple and clean.
How you view your basket now is horrible. The old way was a million times better. This has made me think twice about continuing to use amozan I know lots of people who fill the same as o do now too
I like Amazon but their site and app need work. It's hard to find things because of weird mapping between products and categories. User reviews are often messed up where reviews are linked to wrong products. The filtering and sorting features works in mysterious ways. The app performance has gotten worse with recent updates. The UX is not very responsive. Sometimes it takes 2-3 presses to get a button to respond.
I think this game is excellent. I don't mind that it's not truly online because it means I can play it off WiFi, which is how I spend a lot of my time on my phone. The look of the game is simple and innovative and I especially like the new feature of gems when you remove a player. Makes it much easier to get the avatar I want. I don't mind ads when I'm getting a good game out of it. 5/5
I am really soery to say this mohang but i only tried to get  on to settings but it froze! I dont know why, it was for about 5 minits(dont know how to spell it properly)i LOVE this game so so much and would like all of you people reading this to buy it, i really would like mojang crew to make sure it all works before it goes out to the people of minecraft, anyways, i would like you to read this through properly and test it all first most importanyly.
I loved this app, but then I installed the new update, and it stop working.... please fix it guys, or what should i do?
Good app and great for music
Well it's a great app
It awesome asf
I like it
I dont like it only because people with Samsung/Android should be able to do the same things Apple products do like delete clips during a musical.ly i have to remake the whole musical.ly if i dont like one thing. Also for my phone i dont get notifications when surtain people post musical.lys so i have to got to there page to find out if they made a new one!!!!!!Plz fix its not fair to Android users!!!!!Better Live moment Quality 😯Plz FIX
Musically musically is like the bomb. Like you could just see all celebrities like if somebody reviews like is Mallet like OMG like I cannot even explain a whole bunch of people riding whatever this stuff like smell it. And and like get to do stuff with that you can text
Love it! But whenever I pause when making video, the video music doesn't sync with the video. Umm, i don't know if I explained it briefly. But the video kinda delays. Please fiix! Thanks! And also, after the update, when offline, I can't load my musicallys(privates) so please fix! Thank you!
Totes obsessed with this app. Its like SUPES lit. You can like yotally lipsync like u wont believe this but sometimes i sing but ugh the inly thing is that on a samsung it is supes slow so im gonna soon go back to my awesome apple device. Luv you😚😁 Follow mw in this app @miniisavage
Amazing only thing bothering me is how much storage it takes up especially for android, which mine is android.  omg get that fixed it's breaking my phone. Other then that omg so good. I am obsessed 😘😘😘😘😘
I like this app but the only 2 Things about is that my family doesn't like it or doesn't like me doing it  ..n the second thing is that it takes up ALL your space.... I wish it wasn't a PAN to log in r sign in n... n y dose it ask r u a robot :/ like r u kidding ??. N when I do take the test stupid Robert test it doesn't let me go in
I saw my little bro doing musicly's. At 1st I thought it was a stupid vine wanna be app but now that I've tried it. It's actually pretty fun. It deffenetly fills the void once vine left the app store. 5 stars.
Top buss is the best game ever since the first time I had the app and it is a great deal of the day.
On my laptop and phone it stopped working 3rd quarter of super bowl. Before that the quality had been degrading since 1st quarter. Clearly a bandwidth issue, but if you're going to host the super bowl you have to have proper forecasting and service infrastructure for that scale of event.
Terrible.  Wanted to watch the Super Bowl today and did.  But they didn't disclose there would be almost zero commercials over this media.  I should have gotten the bunny ears out.  And then during the first part of the fourth quarter, the app just stopped streaming all together and wouldn't come back on.  No issues with my network.  Poor choice on my part.  Won't happen again.
Had this for the superb owl. At one point it was three minutes behind. M froze constantly for long periods of time and they announced  the end of the game two minutes before I got to see it. Plus they advertised it worked  with chrome cast but did not
Need to update so you are able to stream NFL games from phone to Chromecast. NFL games are blocked from viewing on phone, but can be streamed on tablet or connected device, but you cannot stream from phone app to Chromecast because it think you're trying to watch on phone. Chromecast is the most popular "connected TV device" out there and this feature is completely broken in the Fox sports go app. Please please PLEASE GET THIS FIXED FOX!!
I use the app to stream Wild games to my TV via Chromecast. Sometimes it works well and others it skips around and drops to really low quality even though I have fast internet with no connection problems. Kind of disappointing.
There is a button you can hit to go "LIVE". This is because the app is so good awful, you have to keep hitting it to catch back up when it freezes. Why include this? How about the app is always live, because it's not complete garbage. Of all the streaming apps, which I have a ton. This is by far the worst. GOD AWFUL. Also, why is the game volume so low? This app deserves less than 1 star
Downloaded and it worked fine for a day  then I try to use it now says information not correct
Great app just saw an add and I just downloaded. I just checked my refund status and its accurate same as the browser. Now I'll save time going trough Google and all that.
Keep getting the message "Information not available at this time". This has been happening for 2 days.
Says the same thing as the website.... ?
WHY ISN'T THERE A HOW TO PLAY SETTING? I NEVER BEAT THE DRYER LEVEL! AND YOUR UPDATE ONLY ALLOWS ME TO USE ONLY 2 FINGERS ON THE MOOSE LEVEL! AND WHY DOES IT TAKE AWAY MY POINTS FOR NO REASON? Other than that, it's a good game. PUT MADCAP IN IT!!!!!
This game is so addictive and lots of fun the song is hilariously outragous I would definately recommenr this game to others. The only bad thing is the constant ads after you lose all your lives,its really annoying sometimes.  But the game is still AMAZING!
I love this game!!!! I downloaded it on my tablet and then decided to get 1 and 2 on my phone. Download people plz download it. I would if I were u. Trust me and if ur a parent or guardian it is okay because it is telling ur child NOT to do it so then to hopefully teach them not to  do that in real life. DOWNLOAD THIS GAME
Great game! The only thing wrong with it is the "dress up like a moose during hunting season" minigame i can only tap two holes. I think this has to do with the device (galaxy j3) but it is a big issue trying to get big scores. Just a little issue that i hope the developers read. Thank you.
Best game ever this game is appropriate for all members of the family and is seen as highly edictive and fun by people young and old across the globe this app worked remarkably well on my old phone which had next to no storage if you get this game and do not like it there is a delete button which you can press just as easily as the install button as well as this the game is free! What's not to like? So do yourself a favour and install this game then experience the laughter and fun of dumb ways to die!!!!!
This app is really addictive. Once you can't complete a task, you're addicted to know how. Although, there is one flaw; every time you press main menu or replay, ads on different apps and games come up, and even if you press skip ad, it still takes you to the app or play store. But, other than that, it's an amazing, addictive app. Well done! One thing, how do you get him out of the washing machine?
This is a good game I remember as a kid playing this and loved it. When I saw the none crappy original version I thought yes! But now that have ruined it with tonnes and tonnes of adverts making it unplayable and made me uninstall  the app completely. So don't install it its a waste  of time and energy
For starting out, it doesn't give you enough time to learn what to do. You're expected to know just where to swipe, or how to pass the level. It tells you what to do but just rushes on to the next thing. I'm keeping it, and once I start better and understand more, I'll give it 5 stars, if it deserves 5.
The reason why Bailey likes Dumb Ways to Die 2 is because it was so the reason why Bailey like Dumb Ways to Die 2 is because it was so fun and it had many different games to play on. Those are the reasons why Bailey Beecher like Dumb Ways to Die 2. If you ever want to know how to write dumb ways to die you just have to go to the Play Store and it says there are these little stars and if you click on one it will have this little sentence thing and you have to write a title and a description.
I love this game but I do have a few suggestions. 1) Please make it so you gain at least five snails by watching videos. 2) I am stuck on lvl 11 and I keep thinking about where certain characters would be useful and where they would not. Please consider making a function that lets you switch the character in which you are currently playing as, to a different character inbetween a lvl. ~Thank you!
I was getting a lot of adds of this game and decided to give it a shot. This is the most funnest game ever, I haven't had any bugs so far and the characters are so cute! My favorites are the sheep and the cat! This game is so challenging which makes it fun, and i loved the way they added the snails to make the levels less challenging. You can play this wherever you are, enhancing the entertainment! Keep doing what you are doing!😊
I LOVE it most people cant do it, i couldnt at frist. You can really get used to it, at the start irs slow then as you move on it gets faster. Best game in the wirld i'd say! :) please can you get more of these games! I LOVE THEM KETCHAPP GAMES RULE!!!! :D
(Edit: problem solved) Unfortunately I need to call this game 'Tap Tap Crash' right now, as that's what happens every time I start the game and get to the menu. The game has potential and I would love to try it out and perhaps boost my rating; provided i find a solution to this crashing issue.
It is fun and addictive. The only improvement I would recommend is to take away the big square and line that shows how far I made it. It blocks the map and makes me mess up a lot more than I already do on my own lol
This game provides a decent challenge without being too difficult. At the same time highly addictive and can be slightly frustrating to lose over and over as with any of these style games. Simple tap to play controls make it easy for everybody to play.
Don't get me wrong, I think this is a fun game. But it calls itself the world's hardest game and to put it simply it is not. I was trying to enjoy the game but I kept thinking about that and it ruined my experience. This is not the world's hardest game and whoever put that is a stupid idiot and should be fired or at least hung.
It is hard, but also challenging at the same time! I wanna see if my friends can challenge this World's Hardest Game.
Really miss the older versions that didn't blast me with ads on every click. There are ads in the lower corner and full screen ads randomly popping up. The selections are very good and I'd give 4 starts if it weren't an ad blaster. If pay to NOT have all the ads!
I love this for the range of wallpapers and ring tones available. I've managed to get hold of all my favourites from Blackadder to Game of Thrones, Mario and Zelda!  Then when I get bored change again!  Well recommended.
I love this app. So much fun and everyone gets their own ringtone do you know immediately who is calling.  Give the calls you want a distinct ringtone and all the calls you don't want are easily recognized by their default ring tone.
Just AWESOME  I need something.. :/ i hope we can open it offline so we can see our download history, i hope you can get what am i pointing about.. Thank you ZEDGE developers.. Keep it up :)
I love Zedge. But there's one tiny problem, I have a Motorola Android phone and the ringtones take forever to load so I can listen to them and then they don't play the sound, music, or line they play. You might need to work on that.
This is hands down the best app for everything to customize your phone.  That being said there isn't any great apps for customizing your phone. This is the leader in the customization world.                                   Thank You                                  Blackwell62010
Great time waster. I've spent so many hours, playing this game... I'm currently sitting on 614 crowns and 0 stars. New songs and levels get added very often, which is a big plus, seen as I've completed most of the non-diamond songs. Keep up the good work, I definitely won't stop playing your game anytime soon. (:
New songs , more fun! Update: as of late the controls seem to be lagging for me . I press one of the black tiles but the game doesn't respond immediately thus resulting in disqualification from the song. It is not my phone that is lagging because it does not do this in any other app. This little quirk has made the game much less fun and rather aggravating.
This game used to run very well on my phone but now it's so frustrating that it is just not that fun anymore. There are so many adverts, but the adds aren't the problem it's that the game laggs for ages every time it loads one that I normally just quit the game. I would send a report but I never get a reply. I feel like they are slowly forcing us to pay for the premium version which I will NEVER do as it's a total rip off.
I don't rate games that much but this does deserve to be rated  the only problem isn't even a problem with the game it's with me. My fingers get sweaty and it says that I tapped a wrong tile when I didnt
Well it's OK but the hearts are wasting and u cannot even run so fast. Next thing is for bringing more hearts I need coins and I have that less so if it is not too fast so I can give it 5 stars
I really love ot. But there are things that could be fixed. Like you should not have to pay 20 dimons for a song you can play easily. This is really addicting. But over all I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!
I like this game a lot but ever since I updated it, I'm not able to play it. Whenever I go to click the tiles, the game will keep going as if I never pressed it. It would be great if you fixed this since it is one of my favorite games.
I am in love with the game. But recently it doesn't open up even after updating it. And even if it does (rarely) all the notes would be what is opposite of melodious. Please solve my problem😞😞
Too much lag. The developers of this app should be ashamed of themselves for letting the public see this game in the state it's in. The fact that people can download this and see how bad they are at networking is downright disgraceful, period. Won't be downloading again, even if all the issues are fixed. Learn how to build an app properly before releasing it.
Used to have extremely iritating lag. Now its not so laggy but 75% of the people online aren't real people. They are obviously A.I. They need to have one or the other. I hate playing what is supposed to be other players and losing to what is an obvious computer. If I wanted to lose to a computer I would play A.I. mode.
Laggy but funny, easy to play and understand the concept on how it works. 👍     Suggestion: what if each player could get an ability such as 1) A super but easy to control speed boost. 2) Able to go through any slither snake for 10seconds 3) Teleport somewhere safe if in trouble. The abilities can only be used once per game and can be unlocked by  achievements such as collect a certain number of the death dust stuff or kill a specific number of slither and the abilities are represented by a slither pattern
This app is very addicting and time consuming. When I'm supposed to be doing my homework, I play this app, which is NOT a good thing. Also this game is so fake. All the computer made snakes get points at the same exact time. It is not real at all. There is also A LOT of lag. You can't even play that well. When you don't have Internet you have to play A.I. which is fake so it's not even fun. All the others just run into you. It's a cheat. All the producer cares about is money. I do not recommend this app.
Please make this a fair game! I've won 1st place 9 times but every single time,worms begin stealing my points! Fix this game and make it fair! Also,worms start naming mean names that hurt my feelings! I'll rate this 5 stars only when the game is fair.I like this game,too! Also get rid of this ads! Its too many! Please say to some worms "STOP BRAGGING!" also hurts me.I have so many problems.
I wish you could add a coin system to unlock skins or (like in agar.io) extra starting lengh, and also a leveling system so you can try to beat your friends in levels! Just an idea thats all. :) Other than that great game
If your a rich, fat American kid who still sucks on mummy's nips then this game is for you.  If your like the rest of the world who has to deal with bills, kids and a wife then stay clear of this game.  It's all about your money and how quickly they can take it from you. The packs start off cheap bit after the first purchase they soon double in price and after that it doesn't stop.  The devs seem more interested in getting you to pay top price for something that really isn't worth it.
Love the game, but needs lots of money to stay competitive! How much? Well a decent pack costs $100 Us Dollars, and it will get you going, but you need a lot of those to be able to play like everyone! Or don't spend and stay shielded! Cause sure enough someone that spends hundreds will burn you! You been advised!
Game of War is the game I can't/won't stop playing. The in-app purchases are now very affordable and offer many practical items. The balance has tipped more evenly for new players to become formidable empires. The game crashes much less often however the chat service is still very glitchy. The content is the best part of this game with new features rolling out often enough to hold interest for veteran players like myself.
I purchased the reign supreme coin pack,  my card was charged but I didn't receive the items.    Fixed the login.   however, for the past 2 days i haven't been able to open the app. Every time i try to open it i get a message telling me to close the app through task manager. I have tried restarting my phone, and uninstalling and reinstalling the app, which did not work. I would love to keep playing but not if I'm going to keep having problems. please fix this.
Must say that this game is very addictive. Have been playing for over 2 years now and have never tired of it. Keeps changing and staying relevant.  Changes too fast to keep up sometimes though.  Frustrating on that part for sure.  Also, if you want to be competitive this game is not FREE!  To enjoy the game and be competitive you must spend money, and not just a little bit.  This game will run into thousands of dollars if you want to really play.  Just the truth.  I love the game and continue to spend and play.  As long as spending a few hundred dollars a week on this game is okay with you then you will love it!
Identical in format to dozens of games out there this game will bombard you with ads for its ingame purchases with poor graphics (commodore 64 quality) and incredibly convoluted and boring game play. Only played it to get free credits for a different game.
After avoiding this game for so long, I downloaded it for 2 Tapjoy rewards offers: reaching stronghold level 6 and 10. I received my reward for 6, but not 10. I made it within the 7 day deadline. After complaining to Tapjoy and showing them a screenshot of my level 10 stronghold, Tapjoy replied saying Machine Zone denied that I had reached stronghold 10. Dishonest devs can piss off. Not to mention the game throws a gold sale screen in your face every 5 minutes.
One of the first things the game tries to do is sell you things. If you don't buy the 2nd builder then when you launch the app again it tries again, and when you unlock the phone with it open it tries again, and again, and again. Even in the middle of the game it tries to sell it. It doesn't add anything to the genre it comes from, and even detracts from itself with all the sales in your face.  It also throws "limited time offers" at you, however if you actually watch the timer you see that when it hits 0 it sets back to its original time to try again. All in all another money grab.
Watched it on TV with my mother when it first came on. Couldn't call mom at 7 pm after I married and moved because she was busy watching Wheel of Fortune. Then my kids and I watched but they had to do homework or most of it first. Great family fun. Always wanted to be on the show except would get stage fright and loose.
I used to like it but since there's no new locations yet and I've got 3 stars on every location, the game has gotten VERY VERY BORING. Until then, uninstalling. It takes too much memory for being a boring app.
Fun game but there's a video or ad after every single puzzle. Some u can skip right away, some after 5 seconds & some u have to watch the whole thing. Annoying but I play anyway. It takes forever to collect items to move on to different city or to collect Vanna's "letters" for a prize.
It's a challenging and addictive game. But you only get one spin even if you guess the correct letter. And it's almost impossible to get all the boxes. Because every time you lose you also lose the boxes you have gotten. You would have to win 5 game's and 5 bonus game's to get all 5 boxes. That's almost impossible to win 10 games in a row. Shouldn't be that hard. I would give it a higher rating but naw..
THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED. IT'S THE REAL DEAL AND VERY AUTHENTIC. I JUST HAPPENED UPON THIS GAME AND I AM THRILLED THAT I DID! OH AND FOR THOSE COMPLAINING ABOUT TOO MANY ADS, I HAVE HAD THIS GAME FOR A WHILE NOW, AND I HAVEN'T GOTTEN NOT ONE SINGLE AD NOT TO MENTION IT DOESN'T EVEN PUSH NOTIFICATIONS, SO TO THOSE THAT HAVE EXPERIENCED THIS, CHECK OTHER GAMES AND APPS YOU HAVE INSTALLED.
Every update creates new problems. Do you guys ever beta test anything?? I've been playing for months and it gets worse with every update. Wheel is rigged big time.  If you spin 10000, the wheel will spin bankrupt next time. Id rate it zero stars if I could. puzzles have  plenty of foreign language words. Can't even guess. Puzzles make no sense and impossible to guess. For example "Past Thmei" wtf is this as a puzzle. Bankrupt guaranteed to show after a 10,000 win. So rigged.
It's the best football game so far. But will you guys start to consider about to not make an auto forfeit when there's network connection error in the middle of head to head or in the leagues tournament? It does really bothers me, alot.
Great game, has everything you could look for in a game for a mobile device, although we cannot creat/edit players like madden for a game console; it's very fun, very entertaining as well. Fantastic graphics, game never glitches, or lags, or even boots me off while I'm playing. I would greatly recommend downloading this game, if you like NFL that is. Even tho if you don't you probably will like this game, it was made fantasticly. 5 stars all day!!
This app is awful on the Pixel XL.  Sometimes it works sometimes it freezes randomly.   Heck before the app said it wasn't even compatible and I had to use the tablet version.  Then it got an update and worked then another update and the store said it wasn't compatible again...Great job
One starring this because of your awful Video app that I have to download from this app. I'm sure you don't put it on here because it's garbage and want to hide reviews. The lack of chromecast support is beyond infuriating. I will not buy your crappy firestick so I can watch your 2 shows I'm interested in.
I really dislike the new layout. I don't want an echo, stop pushing it at me.  The "where's my stuff" access is now hidden amongst all your ads. Please add the menu button back.  I used to love shopping with this app now I can hardly stand to bring it up. You  know what that means Amazon? I buy less stuff from you.
Tried to reach out to amazon but continously getting "there's a problem with this page" kept being told my "browser" needed to be updated no matter how many times I said it was the amazon app. Runs fine in a browser. Making a lot of my purchases be passed by frustration.
App works well, most of the time.  If you scroll too far, it tends to crash (and I mean far, few hundred items at least, so use filter if you can).  Another horrible nonsensical part about the app is the reviewing items portion...  BE CAREFUL!  Reviews I've written using the app, for items I've purchased through the app, are showing as UNVERIFIED!  There is no logic to this, since the app tracks your every move, from searching, through selection, purchase and delivery.  I've written to Amazon multiple times, and months later those reviews are still unverified, and all I have to show for it are few generic responses, not even admitting or addressing this specific failure in customer experience.
This game would be great... if the ads didn't pop up everytime you die and then the ads continue to lag your game when you restart causing you to die just to respawn to another ad. Stop the ads it's not that difficult. Another point is the game is extremely unresponsive sometimes when I try to turn it doesn't register and then I either run into a wall or in to something else that I get killed by add a joystick so it's at least remotely easyer not the cappy d pads that don't work right
This game is really fun, but please make the game react better to when I move the character. 99% of the time it works, but when it doesnt work, i die. Oh ya, when i cut someone off, make them die instead of their tail disappear.  It drives me insane.
It's okay but there are way too many ads that are difficult to get out of. Also when I swipe it has a hard time reading it, resulting in my character's death...and I get spawn killed often. As of right now, definitely not the best of the .io games. Also the controls have become a bit worse, I think due to the recent update. Please fix...
I've been playing the pocket version for like 4-5 years now. My friend had it on her phone and I'd have to beg her to let me use her phone so I could play, this was back when you could download Minecraft for free! Now I love the game just as much as I did when I was younger and I'm still a kid. I cannot wait to see Minecraft grow more than it already has😇
Well I think we can all agree that it is a good game don't get me wrong its cool but it needs a little bit of work on lag. There should also be a little more stuff like stables could natruly spawn with 5 tamed horses and mabey som cows to and bear should be added.they should drop fur gear THX for reading it means alot more than you think your game is heading down the line so hurry up with the updates. THX
This game is SOO amazing its just so awesome the game. But the skins are ugly!!!! Sorry But its true there i said it.the skins are uggggggly sorry, but this game is awesome thow.......its cool and u can play online with ur freinds! And talk to them. I would give 10000 stars if i chould thank u for minecaft peolpe we are a big fan of ur work but fix the skins but sorry but i need to tell the truth.but still awesome game i olny play this game i even play it on the toilet jk Just kidding but anyways great game
I love it! But I would like you to add a few things, like backpacks and more food I mean all the mod apps are never any good. So if you would please add those things. Oh and also you should add something to help people get to the end or something because I don't know how. And plates too and forks spoons and knifes also! Unicorns too please!!!   thanks for making this game it's the best game of all time!!!!!!:-)
ads shouldn't be here. remove this ads.
Good for spitting
I loved it
Love the app
I used to love this app, even though the Android version lacks a lot of the iPhone versions features. But now it takes 5-10 minutes for any post to load, making it very hard to view any posts. This incredibly frustrating and really needs to be fixed.
I love making musical and I'am  addicted to it... but My problem Is why i cant see my posts and privates or I cant take a Musical.ly when Im Offline Please Fix It.... Because. Everywhere I go I want to make Musical Coz Im addicted So please Fix It 👌💞👏😘 Please😢😫😢😭😢😭😢😭😢😭
It has glitches, bad qualities and I can't watch videos, the music is on but the video is not working please fix it then I'll give this app a five star. I am hoping for a swift fix.
It's amazing!!! You can make videos that the whole world can see. It's a great way to talk with friends... The only thing I didn't like read that it takes up a lot of space
At first it looks like a pay to win game. But actually you can win by skills and not just spending gems! I can't believe it at first. Great balance every month and very competitive gameplay! A pick up game where you can play against friends and others online anytime anywhere (with internet of course). And updated regularly with new cards and game balances that keeps you coming back to the game. Although there is little to do its still worth playing with friends or people around the world. Its a PvP heavy card game.
I love top buzz I will recomand it to all my freinds.
I love top buzz keep the news good or bad going.
Great so far...just installed.....
Good stories and informative.
I pay not only for my cell service but my TV service which allows me to stream ANYTHING but the Super Bowl on my phone. I downloaded your app just so I can take it with me when I left the room and didnt miss a minute. Big fail Fox. Big fail.
This is the best sports app ever!! If they had 6 stars I would rate the only thing is that I want to live stream football on my phone but it won't let me due to league reasons plz fix that
Very disappointed I couldn't livestream Super Bowl on my Galaxy S7 smartphone via T-Mobile. Only available through Verizon. Wtf?
Downloaded to watch the super bowl once my internet and cable went out. Found out I can't use it to watch the super bowl unless it's on my computer or tablet... Well, if I had internet available to me, I wouldn't have been downloading this useless app
Low-quality, choppy stream that crapped out several times on FOX's end. At times it took up to 5 minutes to re-establish on a clean broadband.
The game now crashes whenever I completed the first mini-game. 3 stars for the same issues that I have interpreted for the previous version and one star subtracted in this version for that issue. Please fix those issues so I can rate this game 4 to 5 star.
Cute but terrible. Gameplay starts immediately upon hitting Play, so you don't have time to read the on-screen text, which means you get killed very quickly. And after each extremely short round of gameplay comes a 30 seconds ad. Good try, but no cigar. Uninstalling.
On this game example you can see this is completely enough to make a good touch focused mobile game. Ads are little too often (single play can be shorter that the video ad) but you can buy ad-free addon so no big deal.
This game is all about trains but yet the things it makes u do are awesome like 8 hours I've played in one day and I could not get enough time if u want my view PLAY THIS GAME HAHA
Controls are sort of all over the place at times. My main complaint is the massive amount of ads though. I understand needing to make money, but I'm really not inclined to buy a game that I hardly even get to demo first. You die so often that it isn't worth it to sit through another 30 second ad in exchange for another 20 seconds of gameplay.
Such a simple yet amazing game! It's so addictive, I can't seem to put it down haha sometimes it doesn't register my tap which can be annoying, but overall it's really an amazing app. I love all the fun characters!
I think it is a very good game.😎😎 I love this game so much. I play it when i get time . It is so popular game. But some levels are hard and turtle did not get😦😦 so i think that you will fix it soon but it is a fantastic and great game 👌 👌 👍 👍 👏 😊😊☺☺👍👍👌👌✌✌
I love it but you know what will make my day? Please add an update with music like any but don't take out sound effects. Plus you can put in obstacles. That would be better for me. Hope you receive it.
I used to like this app. Now i keep seeing a FEATURED wallpaper of a skull and confederate flag that says SPEAK ENGLISH OR DIE. I reported this image several times and it has not been taken down. WTF is wrong with you people? You seriously think thats okay?! I want a reply! This is absolutely rediculous!
Not you guys, too.....  You had a good thing going. Now, I can't even press play on some items because you have ridiculously placed banner ads everywhere. Bye-bye.
I'm a long time user of ZEDGE before advertising was implemented. The app is used to be bright in its day and age. It's now over ran with video advertising (takes data)  to watch. I will be uninstalling. Way to ruin an app.
I absolutely love this game. I like Angela better than tom and hank is too cute. However, there isn't much to do in between snapping pics. I watch a lot of vids to spin the wheel, but I've never hit the jackpot. Is it just there for looks? And I never get more than 5 diamonds on the wheel either. That's ok. But there should deff be more to do during gameplay besides the wheel and the one game provided. And why is it taking so long to get the few outfits available? And the food. Other than that I love it and am addicted!
I think you need to slow down in the beginning and speed up as it gets a bit trickier and maybe have the obstacles come work and don't just shine words directly into the person's face just show Arrow 2172 be learning to actually speak to them on the screen
A game worth buying to re move ads.  Graphics are beautiful and sound effects are make you sense the actual wood and ball moving thru the track.  Very relaxing.  Relieves stress for this senior citizen. Update : the 2x rewards for watching a video only give you 1 hint.
I LOVED IT!!!! just a little problem with myself. Usually my finger gets sweaty and It accidentally presses the wrong tile.... But still a really fun game! Kind of a stress relief game kinda thing for me!
I love this game so much my sister told me to get it and I got it cause I love music also you should the game music.ly I love music it's so cool but ya thanks for making this game the games cool and and I like playing it in the car and when I have no internet so it's fun it free and not bad for little kids.😈
Literall nothing wrong with this game. I never run outof hearts or diamonds because this game implements a skill reward. You get 3 crowns on a song, you get like 2 or 3 hearts. Good stuff.
I am very addicted to this game.. I have been playing it for 3 years now and it only gets better and better. Recommended for sure. My hand eye coordination has improved dramatically.
Hangs up during high speed tiles (Approximate 1000 to 1500 score). In my oneplus 3t . Please solve the issue .. Then I'll give 5 star
Calming  This game is really calming and challenging It has different levels and different types of tiles also different songs. You can even get songs by just unlocking them with is really good for me and probably others too because you don't have to spend ages trying to unlock something
I play all the time since it was first out! Totally addictive, competitive and fun! I currently have over 1000+crowns and keep going! I love this game so much but until you finally add a side bar and a song search option... It'll get 4 stars from me c:
I love this game! Way to go Cheetah Games :)  Here's my suggestion for an additional feature:   What if the player could upload a song, enter the tempo (BPM), and the game would generate random notes for it? (Perhaps it would also be good to consider a feature for the player to create their own note layout for the uploaded song, then possibly share for others to play.)
I think that what you create for us is the best game ever not just a best of 2015, I have been working on the game lvl  It's perfect and I like it so much!😀🙌😎😀😁😂
This app keeps shutting off my broadcast even though i have great internet connection..  it's so annoying.  Please fix ...I'm gunnar install this app
This game is lots of fun. I upgraded to the ad-free version thinking that it might help with the lag, but it didnt. There is way too much lag time when you play against online players - its not possible to play online because of the huge lag time. I can only play against the computer. Needs to be fixed but the game is fun.
Its fun, simple, addictive and endlessly replayable. Unfortunately it is completely ruined by lag and dodgy controls. In a game which relies on skills and timing, constant lag spikes, and controls which occasionally don't register your input makes this a hot steaming mess that does nothing but frustrate. Until they fix this the game is fundamentally broken.
After the most recent update on my galaxy tab it lags for me so much more. Especially when there is more people playing.  Also I wish that it would run that same version on my kids Kindle Fire tablets as it does on my Galaxy tab, or at least give the option for A.I. play on the Kindle Fire tablets.
It were you play and kinda like kill people online or not real people kinda thing you can get skins and you can kill people by getting in front of then if they get hit is really how you kill or eat people yeah and other people can kill you if you hit them or they get and front of you and kill you so yeah and how you get bigger is you get these colours on the ground and keep going up to it you eat it or you can kill people and eat there colour point things
Thank you for fixing the lag! I'm having a very frustrating issue though. I think it's overly sensitive and slowing down takes longer now. Which is sooooo frustrating! I also find on multiple occasions a snake will crash into me but I'll be the one to die! I used to be on the leader board all of the time now it's so difficult to have a good game. My average game used to be 3-5 minutes now it's about 30 seconds.
I love it! I always play it since I'm Pythor P. Chumsworth, KILLER BOSS KING, THE GREAT DEVOURER ,and BE MY STUDENTS. I can sround 50 snakes at ones! My online game is not working so can you fix that?I also want to talk to another snakes so can you add that to? Thanks for the game. From Belle
Great game ruined by terrible performance. I'd happily pay it if it wasn't for the lag. Mobile (N6), tablet (Tab S2), 4G, WIFI - makes no difference. When something is done about the poor performance, I'll certainly rate higher but as it stands right now, it's borderline on unplayable. Poor effort on the developers behalf.
I love this game. Firstly my sisters friends taught me how to play the game and its really fun. My only problem is that the arrow has to follow you around and I am getting annoyed.If you take away the arrow it would be the best game ever!😅😀😊😊😊☺ 💪💕💕❤💙💚💛💜💓👅💋
It's great. I play it all the time and it's really addictive and it's so fun. This game is so good! Definitely Download!!!!! Though it kinda lags when I play online it really doesn't matter! But there is one thing, theres too many ads, as soon as I finish a game there is an ad after every single game that I finish. Please try to fix that. Thanks...
I bought premium for a month to give it a try.  Unlimited likes are fine, more super likes is meh, I haven't try boost yet.  I recommend premium if you live on big cities, in Athens, GR there is not much of success at least for me.  The downside of premium, I was getting drip feed (when you get none is around you thing). Athens is a big bed. It's impossible to be only around 200 tinder users.  Conclusion, no matter how good person you may be in real life. On dating apps is your looks is what brings you success.  Get some clear photos outside your house doing activities or whatever. Write some short bio and good luck.
Nice content.  Too bad most of them fail to stream or cause the app to crash. It's worse on Android TV
This *WAS* the best keyboard app ever. One of the highlights was being able to access secondary characters on the keyboard by pressing on the key. In the latest 'upgrade' that still works but the keyboard does not show the secondary characters! (They are still depicted when searching through themes but do not work when downloaded.)  When that is fixed I will give it a 5 star rating again.
You need at a minimum a few hundred a month to enjoy this game if you dont have that don't download.  Ive played for the better part of 3 years the free to play days are gone unfortunately.  Im hoping that they some how turn the game back around to a free to play and enjoy. Unfortunately i dont think this will happen. My suggestion would be goto youtube and watch a few videos about the game play. See if its something your willing to spend on . Its a slippery slope once you start.
Rediculous. Can't do anything in game because high level players are constantly killing off your troops just for the heck of it when you are trying to gather resources. It would be one thing if fighting over those resources, but they aren't going after them...just killing troops. Wonder why kingdoms are literally full of dead bases? Because lots of people are tired of not being able to do anything.
Contacts not needed. Just stealing your information to sell it. Avoid this sleazy dev. The game is really just to sell overpriced boosters. Truly Pay-to-win. The screen constantly has 2-3 ads to buy stuff, plus all the in-game parts that link off to their store.  They use every scummy trick to feed I to addictive behaviors.  Avoid this company!
This game, ugh. I tried to give it a shot again but once I got going I realized that the wait times change drastically from waiting a few days to literally waiting 64 years (I'm not kidding)   for one upgrade, if you don't have any time speed ups you are out of luck. Don't waste your money on this game. It's awful and very poorly designed
I rate this 2 stars as of yesterday because since yesterday it's been non stop freezing, glitching and kicking me off the game. I'm not the only person, many of my friends are having this problem. Because of these problems my shield wasn't recognized as being up and my hero was taken. PLEASE FIX THESE PROBLEMS and I will re rate it 5 stars and continue to buy gold packs. Thank you
Use to love this game at 5 stars before MZ got greedy. now all MZ does is ask you for your credit card number by releasing new levels which require hundreds of dollars to stay relevant.  Not a sustainable game environment as its full of dead accounts and people quitting. What a shame as it had so much potential
I love this game! The only thing I feel like I'm missing is the ability to create our alliance city in my team( presantos) and I've had some issues lately with claim Rewards. I will open my alliance rewards and Athenas rewards but they neve make it to my items inventory. I'm missing thousands in resources, alliance funds, loyalty points, and speed ups.. please fix those 529 things and IL give it a 5 star.
Over complicated piece of crap. Every press of the screen leads you to a pay to play screen offering "deals" spent £4.99 on this as I thought having extra resources would help. This is my second day in and already the "hero" I had is captured. Does this thing not have any level restrictions? A high level can destroy your low level and take everything you "paid for" in a matter of seconds. What a waste of my time and money.
The game isn't what it was in the beginning. It's all about the money MZ can haul in. Game pieces used to be found in different aspects and areas of the game, now everyone has to make a purchase to acquire and grow. Support is non existent, don't expect to go there and get a problem resolved!My advice to you, this game is for the rich and is a money grab, if you're considering downloading, think twice before you spend real money on it. It won't get you far!
One spin per turn?! Only one puzzle per show?! Some puzzles make absolutely no sense. Barely any rewards. Way too much punishment. Did I mention one spin per turn?! That's no good!
I would give it 5 stars but I'll spend a ticket or get to the bonus round and then it will shut off on me.  So I loose my ticket and I lose out on a bonus round, Which you need to win in order to advance.  It's almost to the point that I'm just going to uninstall it. UPDATE: I'm deleting.  I lost almost 20 tickets in 2 days cause it keeps crashing.  I really love this game,  but it just needs more work.
Obviously if you love the game show on television you'll definitely dig this game.   Helpful tip: if you are at the gold/diamond gift box and lose the puzzle exit the game and force the app closed before it saves your progress and you can essentially always keep those gifts rolling. 🤗 just saying.
I can't even play the game!!! I downloaded it and removed it and re-download it still won't work I get the opening demonstration game with the 'Wheel of Fortune' as the puzzle then it goes to load and I get an error code and something telling me to check my Internet connection. My phone IS connected to the internet and still nothing... wth
Great fun game , good graphics and challenging puzzles. Way too many ads. I would pay $2-$3 for an ad free version, but I don't think Scopely has one. If they do let me know
I love it but I hate the fact that every other update I have a problem. Right now after the last update the main page on the world tour does not load completely. All I see are clouds. The other icons show up for everything I just can't see my spot or others on the tour screen. Need a new update or can I delete and reinstall it without loosing my progress???
Best puzzle game EVER!  Hope to see you soon. :)  OK Been playing through the game for almost a week and have one complaint.  Why are we capped at 100 friends?  I have nearly 2,000 friends on my Facebook account alone not counting new people I meet on a daily basis.
My only complaint would be that head to head seems slightly flawed. When the early solve bonus goes away I'll just blow through all the letters I know aren't in the puzzle until I get the multiply bonus and usually end up winning...Other than that pretty good app :p
I really liked it in the beginning & couldn't put it down, even got 3 friends to download it... but then the app got slow & the adds got outta control & make it less enjoyable... do something both the adds & the slowness & I'd give it 10☆s!
Now that ive updated the app I can't even use it! Just keeps saying "there's something wrong with this page we're trying to fix it" This is ridiculous! Used to be my favorite go-to app now I may need to delete it or downgrade 👎
A decent app. Pretty powerful overall. Some petty gripes are some of the features you need access to are buried in obscure unexpected corners. Also a note on permissions. It wants access to your camera for the search by appearance function. It barely works as it isn't fleshed out but it does work. Take a picture of a toy plane and it will search toy planes for you.  Its on the right of the search bar. Camera icon.
Everytime i order from the same day shipping it never cames same day. Or it does and the driver doesn't come to my condo front door and leave it in the front room and i have to wait days later to get the product. Same day shipping isnt always free either. Its frustrating.
Super fast delivery and best quality . Only hate that rating system is gliching cant normaly writ the rewiev of item I get .... Changed rating because I need to enter every time my adress over and over . It was there saved now its deleted an need to retype it every single time . And the it shows me sorry cant be delivered to Ireland .mess.  Amazon is the best but rightnow this app sucks
Why did you remove the clearly visible bar for adding a product to a list and replace it with tiny text mixed in with other tiny text??? I use my lists constantly and it's bad enough clicking to add to a list doesn't "take" half the time and I have to keep hitting it, but now I have to look around for where to click to start with! Changing this makes absolutely no sense.
The Amazon App used to be awesome...key word; Used. I never had a real problem until they kept updating the App. Now I can't even veiw the home page because it keeps saying it can't reload the page! I loved using this App and really pisses me off that I had to uninstall it. I now have to go to my web browser on my phone to get in to log in on my Amazon account. I shouldn't have  do that. Couldn't be worse timing for friday shopping Fix this sh**!
Good app, but why is there no smile option?  I always try to make sure my purchase is through the Amazon Smile site but I haven't found an option for donating on the app. Unfortunately, for me that means while I will shop the app, I'm still signing on the Internet to purchase. The app is fast, reliable, convenient, and easy to use, add a Smile option and I will give it 5 stars without hesitation.
Amazon has lots of great things to offer for such low prices..  Half the time I don't go to the store for gift or anything I want for myself I just get it off of here but my absolutely love spending money to here XD
What did I do before? For a person who personally abhors the hustle and bustle of all things shopping, I.e. the crowds, the lines, the parking ugh!, Amazon has become my saving grace! Which is why I'm a prime member & make frequent purchased here. Thank you to the Amazon genius!
The controls are garbage, so unresponsive. The game is also pretty unoptimized, after half an hour the game starts to lag... please try to make it less heavy. (for example having the option to turn down the texture resolution/qaulity in general)
Love the game and even paid for no ads but after this update I'm disappointed. Rotate is broken it doesn't go both ways and my phone is uncomfortable to hold the only way it does. Fix and Ill change to 5 stars
You broke it!  Used to be a great game. Now they've broken the rotation so you can only play it with the phone on one side, not the other, the controls lag.
A great concept, but they need to make it multiplayer and fix the arrows that move your person. They are hard to hit and don't seem to be as accurate accuratecausing me to crash into things and die.
Seems very unoptimized. I have a Samsung Galaxy S7 Active. Yet somehow After a bit of play, this rather simple Game manages to stutter and glitch like I'm playing on a 10 yr old phone.
After the recent update, I am unable to open the app successfully. ): I tried uninstalling(even though I had good progress because I really enjoy the game) and installing again but it still does not work.
I love Minecraft! It is a great game for all ages. I know alot of people who play it. And you can play it anywhere. I am so happy that I started playing Minecraft. There are endless possibilities of what you can build. There is a few things I would like added though. Like were you can dye wood, also maybe add some different foods. And maybe more animals!
Awsome update good job mojang!  But add the old door sound to minecraft pc Xbox PE  and all the other ones two because I really like it also tons of other people and another thing you should add is tornados so you can have a better weather system like where in a thunder storm somtimes a tornado will come down from the sky and it would also be good for another rare event to happen in minecraft! Pls add the wither storm make it like how u make it in minecraft story mode make it for dare devils
I got this game back when it was free and I guess I am kinda lucky kuz people keep saying you have to buy it now. (isnt the price like 7 dollars?) It's the best game I have on my tablet but it keeps deleting  my worlds if I don't go on within 24 hours. Please fix this! The game would be so much better. But thanks for the horse addition.😉
Amazing..if you hate it then here are the stats I give you..Idiotic, Stupid, Hatred, and..your a butt..just kidding..unless you really are a butt then..sorry if I am offensive.. Nah I don't feel bad at all..
Not playable when device is totally offline. Also, can we get an 'in game' pause?? I just got my butt handed to me by a zombie while I was in settings, I had no chance to fight back. Please add an option to quit without saving and to also NOT automatically save when you die... come on, it's an 'on to go' game, make it more 'mobile' friendly.
I don't think
Need a lil improvement
I had to sign out of my account and when I logged back in it said that I was INCORRECT! When I tried to sign in t ok find my account, it led me to a different/ new account. I don't know own how to long back into my old account? Please help me! I want all of my old and new musicly's back and I want to go back to all the people that I use to follow. Help me go back to my old account please!😭😭😭😠😠😠😠🙏🙏🙏
I really wanted Musically, but it does not work at all. I can only use Android Tablet, so of course it doesn't work because you need a phone although Tablets have Camera. So I would really appreciate it if you could make it work for Android Tablet. 😲😔😭
I still use it but android users get nothing!! We don't get face filters, time edits and a few other things! And, the app took over 4 GB OF MEMORY!!!
Really good app. I love it bc u can lipsink and stuff, and I use it to show my drawing to people, and how I make them. The only thing I don't like is some if the bad language on there.... Other than that, its a GREAT app. I highly recommend downloading it👍👍👍
I think it is great. It  just takes a long time to log in. it also cusses sometimes and l am to young to listen to songs that are bad or cuss.
As other reviewers have mentioned that it is sometimes hard to tell if an opponent is real or not as I have just lost 6 in a row where it was a combo of cards not coming up or opponents where I could not beat them with the card deck I was using. The card deck I use has no legendary cards although I have them. Players who use legendary cards should be matched with others who do. Also some cards have too much power sparky, furnaces etc
CLASH ROYALE.! Nice game. Vry impressed fr d grt wrk by supercell.. Hatz off to u guyz. 3 strz coz afta d 4 slots r full dn itz noo use to battle.. Nd shd wait for 3 hrz fr silvr chest to open.. Nd gold 8 hrz.. I would rate it 5 if d tym iz reducd o ol d chest open at same tym..
This game is fun well balance cards and every thing. Even when it looks like they have good card like legendary cards its nothing if you know what you don't know what your doing. The game kinda help out on my finnal yea sounds like Im makeing things up but thats why Im rating this game so high its the type of game that test the mind under a short amount of time.
I have to admit. When I first read about supercell's games I thought it would be some scammy thing. Turns out it's just plain addictive with simple mechanisms and fair level of play even if you don't pay. I think buying cards is fine (we did that with pokemon didn't we?). And there aren't any other major advantages or imbalances available to any paying players. Bravo I say. Bravo.
When I first got it I thought "this game is OK" then when I continued to play it I got addicted to it. Now a lot of stuff I watch on YouTube are based on this and it's just really intense when you have a good battle. Supercede has done a BRILLIANT job on this that I don't think that anybody could make a better version. It's 4 stars because there could be some tweaks to certain characters to make them either less op or more powerful
Topbuzz is great news,
I love this app
This app is full of fake news. It is entirely democratic and the reporters are just trash thrown from a real news source. They are not skilled in writing or finding news stories. Most of the headlines are lies and they real video or story is entirely different. Do not get this app if you are a Republican because you will be angered over its radical left ideas and opinions.
I like your coverage of Trump. I think it keeps him somewhat in check. And you come up with quite a few good stories, like the one about that extraordinary flight attendant that saved that young girl from a living hell. So far I have to say Top Buzz is a top notch news organization!
Love this app, I've downloaded this to every phone I've had. I can't seem to remember if it's free or if I paid for it so I wasn't sure about the "free cancellation" question. Overall great for all types of news and lots of wackey interesting articles. I also like chatting with people in the comment section. So great job!
Completely useless. They claimed we'd be able to stream the superbowl free on everything this year, but turns out it was a lie, can't be streamed to any cell phone anywhere with this app.
4th quarter it just dropped out. Nothing. Then found Spanish stream works perfectly, so what is the deal? Extreme failure on Fox to drop out on 4th quarter of the Super Bowl though.
. Try resetting router and modem. Stop giving bad reviews. Clean your phone, reset modem, if your having issues it's your IP or your phone NOT the app. Good luck😆
Doesn't work. Stays on screen that says warming up then doesn't do anything else. Plus sounds like it's a scam anyway from reading other reviews -- if you can't watch stuff on your phone, the app has no purpose. Plus it demands you change all your phone's privacy settings but even when you do, the app still doesn't work. UNINSTALL!
Trying to watch an event and it constantly jumps back and forth through the broadcast. Back back back 3 minutes forward. Back back back...Etc. impossible to enjoy the event. Tried restarting  Chromecast and my phone as well as just watching on my phone and it didn't change anything. Disappointed.
Ads are wery annoying. Appearing every new game, and I can't close it... Must wait, open the ad, then close Play Store, then the same with the second ad and then we can play again. The game is nice. I have play it before, but now i can't waste my time by closing ads.
That game help you to be careful around the trains. It's easy when you believe in yourself. I love that game and play it every day in the week. I'm sad because there's no settings for helping you with the games. But again it is super!  ;-)  :-)
I had this game on an old phone and totally forgot about it for a few years. I recently was stuck in bed sick and came across it again. If there's a silver lining to being sick, this would be it!  ;-)
It is a quite addictive game!? It teaches us how little dumbness can lead to death. But d only problem is there r sum things which I don't know how to control it. Rest all others r OK.
This app is an exellent time killer. The app gradually gets boring after 10-20 minutes, but I wouldn't say this app is terrible. By the way you can find the official Dumb Ways to Die song on YouTube and remember don't press the red button!
The new update of world C requires me 5000 gems and I had got 10000+ before the update. I thought I could play world C but it tells me it is locked as I have 0 gems. Please fix this bug. Other than this, I don't find any thing worse.
I love how whenever you jump it makes the sound of the animal you are playing as. It 's so darn cute!!!!! I also like how the levels aren't super duper long like other games. I also like how as you get farther it gets to be twist after twist.
Really fun little game, controls are so easy and the gameplay so addictive- love all the cute characters! This game has gotta go into my top 10; and I've played alot of games. Bravo, cm, well played
It can be fun when u are getting it but there well be a time when you now you maid it but it says you didn't which is why sometimes u just don't like it. But it can get better , it is still not my favorite app.
Yea this a fun game. simple to control,just tap the screen but it can get kinda tricky which timing becomes everything with each tap. I'm only on level 21 and so far I like this game.
I think this game is good because when you are bored you can just go on your phone and play tap tap dash. Also most other games take ages to load, but not with tap tap dash. I love this game.
This is most definitely my go to app. Can't find everything I look for, but it is fantastic regardless.
It's great app for ringtones and everything else. I deducted 1 star because some of the ads are annoying,
Good content but adds pop up all over the place getting in the way trying to get you to accidentally click them or showing videos. Shame, spoils the app.
Started out working fine, despite an oversized, oversimplified UI. As soon as I set a tone to a contact's notification, the file browser stopped working. It could be good, but I won't use it as is.
Some many top quality things offered, I won't waste  your time...I said it and I mean what I said, so check it out for yourself and you'll come to the same conclusion. GREAT
Not able to use. Only shown that Zedge not able reached server try again later. I know zedge is very good app but not able use it. Pls help or remove app from Google play
The animals are cute, but Hank seems to always want something! A small thing, but... I really wish Hank wouldn't do his wees behind the toilet! If this is a kids app, we should be reinforcing healthy habits, AND there should definitely be hand-washing! You could turn on the tap, use soap, rub his hands together. He could start with a hand towel, and a hand dryer could be unlocked at a particular level! (could he put his head under the dryer for fun?? Incorporate some of the funny ginger app features!)... 😉
First I thought this game was fun but then I first tried it, it was freezing and saying that it was not working. And also the game that you play to earn money is very boring. I hate this game because it is stupid, boring and nasty. It is nasty because whenever hank uses the bathroom he doesn't wash his hands and he urinated around the toilet. And he doesn't bathe. That is why I uninstalled it. Here is a good tip always read the comments before downloading the app.
This game is very boring. Nowhere near as good as Tom or Angela. You can't decorate like the other two and it makes this game useless.  I also hate this game because they have no hygiene for him. He pees and craps with the door open. I could understand that he's an outside dog. If that's so why give him a table, clothes, and a toilet. Without those I would understand no handwashing or bathing. Also, I don't know where to find unlocked things like charcoal. USELESS game.
Problem... When I watch a video it doesn't let me spin the weel and I can watch like 5 10 or 15 videos and get 1 spin FIX PLEASE REALLY ANOYYING. Also, can you make it so Hank doesn't have to sleep because I am constantly not being able to take pictures of the animals because in stead I have to watch him sleep...FIX
Its a fun game but needs more to do while waiting for animals. There is only 1 mini game and unlike the other "my talking" games you dont get coins from playing it.  I also wish the animals interacted more with the toys like holding sticks in their mouths  with marshmallows on them toasting over the fire because it feels like half the time they are just nudging their toys.  But saying all this the game has great potential.
A few suggestions: 1. Many people complain that Hank doesn't wash his hands. Try a sea bath instead. 2. Try make the minigame earn diamonds. There are a few very expensive toys. I'm an adult, I know I'll never spend about 700$ for a silly game, but for children might be frustrating to nave to wait years to buy everything. 3. After I buy toys, there is no way of telling which was bought with diamonds. Make the label a different color or something. 4. Hank gets sleepy a little too fast.
needs his sleep regeneration to go faster... it seems like it takes too long and you lose your animals.  also for him not to be sleepy after coming back when you put him to bed before leaving. it's all that needs work, other than that great game.
Honestly, it's ok. The only problems i have with it is when u sleep (irl) u can miss animals, especially important ones. Also, why does hank do his business behind the actual potty area? Another thing is, it seems that he need something every second. Last one is, there is only game only one the rest advertisements! It's very annoying. 😑 other than that it's fine i guess. I give it a 👍and a 👎.
The game is really fun and addicting! But however, I recently started having problems that it won't let me tilt the screen to move from side to side. It just does nothing. I've tried restarting the game, but it doesn't help. It messes up your gameplay really bad. If this doesn't get fixed soon I may delete it.
This game has hidden meanings man. You can keep on running and keep on running, and yeah there are some obstacles to get over, and yeah eventually you will die but you still try to get the highest score. Its a fun game. Good for your reflexes. Also a good car ride game to save data or if you dont have wifi. :) second one sucks tho.
I love this game. The only thing is the game is a little bit too fast and I think they should make it less coines to unlock characters and upgrades - especially Scarlet Fox. Also just an idea, maybe imangi could make a levle where it would only be avalible every 5 hours or so where its a way more difficult version of the real game but there r coins in every lane and everywhere. Pls add this in a future update. I really think its a neat idea:-)
This is one of the best game and the only game I play. For the people who says ADS in this game then piss off or install. All games has ads its like no one has ever seen what ads look like. Plus it says Contain ads and Some of them says In game purchases.                                 Seriously Dudes/ladies just play
I loved it because it was easy to play. And cool graphics. The only problem I have is not being very good at it lol. Loved it. you should get this game😀😆😊❤💓❣💕💖💗💙💚💛💜💝💞💟
Best game. Ageless & timeless wonder. Legendary awesomeness personified. Interesting to the tilt & never ending enchantment magical world class awesome amazing running out of words 2 describe how much I love temple run. Beat game there ever was, ever is & ever will be. No subsitute for the best in d world game. All d best .
Ok at first I thought it was a 5 star game its really a 1 star game. Here's why ads popping up while you're running it glitches when you move your finger to turn it doesn't turn. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DON'T HEWETT THIS GAME PLEASE.
This game has large faults. There are so many advertisements piled into this game that it becomes unstable and crashes regularly. This would be fine if it saved after every round but it doesn't. I lost a whole section because of this. Be warned!
This game is actually very good.. but there are too many advertisement videos and many of them are uncloseable.. it feels so tiring and spammy.. it also makes me feel bored because of waiting.. I think two or three advertisement videos in every package are enough...
I got to where ⅔ of players have been, the game itself is great, but the ads get worse. It starts off with easy pop-ups, then it turns into unclosable videos. Got to make money, but it feels too spammy for me.
It's a fun game but, why so many ads? It's so aggravating, it's making me wanna delete it. Would give it five stars if I didn't have to watch minute long ads every other level
2nd release in a row that stops music I am listening to from playing only to hear game sounds only.  Won't bother to reinstall or wait for fix, previous messages to developer about this were ignored.  Too bad, it was a nice little game to play while sitting on the subway when it used to let me listen to my music at the same time.
It's amazing. Stunning graphics and beautiful music that can really help your mental state. Great for the mind too! All I ask is that they remove some of the ads please! Other than that it's a brilliant game, well done.
Jesus it keeps me a headache pls remove the energy it is so lame it needs pqtients i know that its cool if is has no energy bar its so boring if it has a energy bar. First i thought the game was cool but i saw the enrgy bar now its lame it gives me a headache
I really loved this game a lot. This is the most interesting game I've ever played .It gives me an opportunity to compete with the Global players .I have no words to tell about the experience that I had when I was playing this game. If you include the movie BGM it would be much better
Thank you for this great game...  It really makes me relieved :-) But also, the game is missing a genuine option which is listening :-( If you add it I would personally share it on my local page of Facebook !
There us just one problem crowns my list my crown 1782 but other people 1785 crowns why please fix this bug or give me this bug level
Omg this game is totally AWSOME I play this game about 3,000,000 times a day me and my friends love to compete with each other mostly my family loves to play too our fan I high score is 876 scored by my uncle this game is AWSOME if I could I'd rate it 5million stars
Get diamond after view a video is "Loading..." foreverrr. Also to many ads after almost each tap. If so proud with your app adjust/limit/remove the ads or make them available only if get reward after viewing it
Challenging but fun....the music , the graphic and the rewards are awesome and I can release my stress by playing this wonderful game...! Keep it up!😊
I like the songs, and everything, the only thing thatirritates  me, is that the little stars in the background should be snow,  but this shouldn't annoy anyone except me, meaning,  there is no reason for people to not like this app, unless they don't like piano music
This app sucks off today something went wrong with it and logged me out tried logging back in all I get is stupid error messages now I probably lost all my followers etc..  this app is gay
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE CAN I HAVE A REFUND WITH ALL THE MONEY THAT HAS BEEN TAKEN FROM MY ACCOUNT???? I DIDN'T NOTICE MONEY HAD GONE TILL I WENT TO PURCHASE SOMETHING AND REALISED I DIDN'T HAVE ENOUGH. I'M ABSOLUTELY FURIOUS!!!!!! IF I HAVE NO REPLIES, I'M GONNA GO EVEN MAD. PLEASE HELP ME?
I like it because I feel like I'm getting successful at it but at the same time I cashed my diamonds out 6 days ago and still haven't got the money into my pay pal. Any chance someone can tell me why?
the app is great with one exception...it completely drains my battery. even when its charging!!! also, we could use some new filters. the cats and panda are boring
Well.....i mean this is great but when I record it is like a whole new level. It always says "oops! Sorry. Connection unstable. Please try again." My connection always work.
First off this Live.Me App tried to steal money from my account. I'm glad I used a prepaid Debit card or it would have had a field day with my card. Charging over $100. Now this update to help with connection. This fix surely didn't fix anything. Very laggy (Super Glitches) or it will show that I have no connection when I do. When broadcasting I cant sometimes see my chat. So I'm missing a lot of questions from my fans. What is going on with Live.Me? Why cant y'all be more like LiveStar or Bigo or Stream or Live ly????? Please take Notes from the other Live casting apps. Live.Me need changes to fix the connections and glitches. I will change my Review once I see better things happening.
This is a live streaming app and is amazing. The gifts you can send change with the holiday. Daily log in bonus. Free coins to send gifts. Just amazing. The bots get annoying but the broadcasters are wonderful.
After i'm updating this app,  live me login me out and i can't login in.. Message keep showing login error.. Please fix it
It's hella lit until you you get locked out of your page for no reason when live me have problems I was on level 16 now I'm on level 3 I had 240 coins now I have a 0 coins I'm so tight I wish I could have my old page back I don't want to delete this app I love it live me please help me get it back
So a lot of the bugginess that had made this app almost unusable have been fixed, so it runs fairly smooth now. What hasn't been fixed is the sheer number of fake profiles. Unless there really is tons of 24-26 year old students/models living exactly 38 miles away.  Went on vacation to a Caribbean island, boom, tons of 24-26 year old American students/models exactly 38 miles away. I guess they live under the sea.
In the latest update, you moved the image pagination dots to the top of the image instead of the bottom. Horrible UI decision, those dots wind up obscuring parts of people's faces. Move them back to the bottom!  Also, an incredible amount of spam accounts. Seems like at least as many as real accounts, if not more. All with 4 images, mostly clearly stolen with no bios.
Just returned to the app to give it another chance after the previous attempt just got me matched with fake profiles. However, if I'm even able to log in, which it mostly doesn't, all it does is search, does nothing at all. And yes my location settings were on and there's nothing wrong with my data connection as everything else works fine so clearly is just this app that's the problem. So basically to summarise, even though I didn't think it was possible, this app has actually got even worse, shocking 11/02
This app STILL is VERY buggy in the fact that it doesn't allow you to scroll through your messaged without the app going all crazy/glitchy. If I want to scroll through a conversation, I am literally unable to do so. Ive uninstalled and reinstalled many times, and even after Tinder updates its still broken. I'm a paid member. This NEEDS to be addressed already! Other than that, I love that app.
If you write something and pause the app refreshes and you lose what you wrote.  It didn't used to do this.  People are weird on Tinder, often don't respond to messages.  Takes online dating to new lows.  But it is good for burning time and having the odd chat when people respond.  More like a game than a dating site.
Tinder boost n superlike sometimes got activated by mistake! Should have a confirmation button!!! And there should be 4 free boost for premium account from the start not wait after 1 week for each bloody boost. Used boost at wrong timing. 0 or 1 match only
Won't let me log in. I'm a paying member... have tried reinstalling, restarting phone. Same problem. They still got my payment for the month, but I can't use what I've paid for... 40303 is the error code.
Love the app, but one problem I faced is my boost didn't work properly! I had to pay a boost while I'm getting notifications about "my boost not being successful". I want a reply from the developers and also would like to get the e-mail Id where I can vonnect directly to the developers.
Playback is currently broken on Nvidia Shield TV with Android 7
App works well enough.
DAMN are you ever going to fix the fast forwarding/freezing of this app? You have 5 million downloads, if you assume only 1 million people actually subscribe, at $15.00 a month... You most definitely have the time and money to fix this app or upgrade your servers. This is ridiculous! You make more in a year off this app than most would in a lifetime. CORRECTION: You make more money in ONE MONTH than most would in a lifetime.
I like that i get to watch all the movies/current shows. The app is very convenient.  What i don't like is the fact that in the midst of a show there becomes some type of streaming issue where it makes a weird noise like it's being rewinded or some sort. I had to reinstall the app twice. Hopefully Hbo fixes this issue VERY soon.
There were so many glitches while trying to stream anything on this. I called tech support and they said use a different browser and that would fix it........well it didn't, and my internet service is fine. It didn't really seem like they cared or knew how to fix the problem.
Support hates you. Good job on Chromecast support. But you half ass it. Where is 5.1 surround support? Why only stereo? Other apps don't do this. Netflix has it! Vudu too. Play Movies. Showtime? Chromecast more than support this. Google play movies has it!  Do your research. Stop being lazy. I thought you cared about user experience? Guess not. I was wrong.
This is the real Swype! I've tried them all but this one is especially great for its gestures features to easily select text, copy, paste, capitalize words, etc. It is also great because the dictionary allows you to swipe out long things like email addresses, phone numbers, times... And even complicated passwords. Oh! And my favorite feature is the ability to quickly swipe smileys such as :) and :p
I cannot really envision tap typing anymore for as long as I've been using Swype. Better than Google or Samsung keyboards purely because of ease of punctuation and double letter handling. The option for two languages at the same time is unmatched especially if you're bilingual or learning a language or like messaging multi lingual people.  The latest iteration seems to have broken the capitalization gesture. That no longer works, period. Version 3.02
Not the old Swype  I've used Swype & loved it for ages, on my Galaxy series phones. Recently installed it for LG V20 & it worked fine until suddenly seemed to completely forget my dictionary & frequently used words. (My settings are not the problem.) Prediction has gone mental as well. It's like I'm testing some poor beta version. I want to love Swype again-- Please fix!
***Corrected*** Been using since the 2010 beta on all my devices. Latest update has drastically reduced accuracy and prediction/correction. Other keyboards are now more accurate with swipe and predictions. For example, 'has' should show up for 'had,' but it doesn't. I also believe that swiping up for capitalizing no longer works. ***Raw Swype*** Bebe using since the 2010 beta inn alk my devices. Largest update had drastically reduced accuracy and prediction/virgin. Other keyboards arte note note accurate 28th swipe and predictions. Fir example, 'has' sounds show up for 'had,' but it didn't. I also believes that sweeping up fir capitalizing no longer works.
I love it, but there are a couple of things that can be improved upon still. 1. At some point Swype removed the ability to add words with symbols such as :) o.0 -_- etc. Please add the ability to manually add words in the dictionary view. 2. The new word prediction gives me weird options that aren't words nor in my dictionary. 3. There is a new emoji bar. I like it, but I would love an option to put it to the side of my keyboard when it's at 80% width. I keep the keyboard skinnier so that I can Swype easily with my massive phone.
This used to be the best keyboard ever. But now, they took away swipe up for capitalization, and it is getting more like just any old keyboard app. Please bring that feature back! And while you're at it, you could add slide along the space bar to move the cursor left/right. Oh, and make it work better in outline mode with AndrOpenOffice.
*Using another keyboard until update comes up for this one* Used to be 10 stars then I updated to most recent update. It was perfect before! Used to be able to lazily swype but now I'm correcting 5+ words in a sentence, have to be exactly precise. Oh and loved that I could type "eyes" and it would show 👀. With anything like 🌞, 😥 etc. But now with update it doesn't show those anymore, shows all other random emoticons. I want old swype back! Wish there was an uninstall recent updates option...
Love how the keyboard works with passwords. Only issue it does not know how to handle punctuation in the password. Also it would be nice if they offer different configurations or option on the keyboard layout. Swiftkeys offers navigation on the bottom of the board and numbers along the top. I know they have commands to pull up the numbers and navigation, but it would be nice if they had an option to display on the default view
Swype has been great and I love the addition of the # row.  Why did it take so long for a simple addition?  Nonetheless, one feature seems to have been broken and that is when swyping above the keyboard to create an upercase letter.  Fix this and we can get back to 4/5 stars.
Fun game; however, as with any game that allows you to power up by spending money kills the logic of the game. If you can't spend money, don't play. This game will implode on itself one day when all the big spenders realize they flushed a lot of money down the toilet for nothing. If everyone had to progress naturally  it would be a 5 star game.
I want to play this game but, it keeps minimizing and returning me to my phone's home screen. I get very flustered and give up on playing. Plus, the buttons are sooo small and don't respond well even though I have a very strong wifi connection
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS GAME.  THEY ARE CROOKS.  This game is a joke anymore.  Loved when I first started a year ago.  Hate it now.  Have thousands of dollars in it and it just keeps getting worse.    They don't fix no issues.  Just keep releasing new data and research.
Tried it, and with in a day of playing getting attacked by powerful high level players.  As a newbie it's  No Fun.  For me  I will not be returning nor recommending game to others.  I've played other games where high level players were penalized for attacking newbies.  The attacks on newbs  were allowed but the penalty made it not worth it.
Game sucks. This has to be the wrost game ever created. Dont waste your time downloading it, this game literally isnt any fun. Who wants to play a game where you just suck the whole time because you need to pay hundreds of dollars to compete and enjoy the game? you have to buy pretty everything or you stay as the level 61 chump getting gang trained by players who actually aren't smart enough to realize this game isn't worth spending money on. Being able to just buy your way to being a top player takes fun away from the competitive side of the game. Besides that horrible game play there are non stop ads advertising packs to buy. This game isn't worth putting my into so dont bother downloading
Only good if you are a big spender and even then they are constantly ripping you off. Game isn't fun anymore. If you don't spend you can't compete. No cap on power growth makes it too difficult for smaller players to even dream of catching up. Not about strategy only about money. Spend spend spend or don't survive. If you spend money they rip you off by not giving you the stuff you pay for or by closing troves and leaving you with teleports you can't ever use again. Waste of money!
This game pushes the free the pay envolope to the brink. Not only is the game riddled with ads, it also provides astronomical pay to win benefits, and does not allow half the number of building or upgrades to be available without individual purchases. I understand game play that allows players to get things faster, etc, but not restricting content.
Overall, fun and realistic. Just a couple of things bug me. I'd like to be able to see the leader board cash amounts above $1 million, so I can see how much more I need to catch up with my opponent. I absolutely hate the sand blowing across the puzzles in Egypt- very distracting! And please add new locations soon!
Typical Scopely game.  You have to pay to succeed.  Why do you lose all boxes when not solving a puzzle or bonus round?  So we get frustrated and buy the souvenirs needed to advance?  I think that losing one box at a time is punishment enough.  Other than that, the game is fun and well designed.
This app is really useful to me as I can't bring my laptop with me everywhere I go. Nothing beats being able to buy something I need when I need it without having to wait until I get home to crack open the old laptop and wait an eternity for it to start up.
Can not send delivery instructions. It worked fine the other day but now it is in a different language and I have my settings set to USA English. Very frustrating, especially when your out of town
The only reason I'm giving it 1 star is when I delete my old address to put in my new well I successfully add my new adress but yet it did not delete my old and I ordered and has been sent to my old adress I realized and instanly ran over there and two 30$ products stolen... not cool I'm disappointed in this app
I have heard a lot about amazon and i also wanted to buy many things but amazon is not for my country. I was so disappointed, Well I will still give 1 star and will later turn it into 4 if they really do it internationally. They only say internationally but only include 15 or 20 countries I think. Other people or sites do allow to do shipping from amazon but it is so expensive that most people can't afford. Well I live in Pakistan.
Addicting game but designers or whoever needs to work on the game freezing because there's nothing more irritating then losing 70% control of the board and your demise was the game freezing in the middle of a swipe and then it not recognize your swipe and have an opponent take you out or that cause you to hit a wall.  It's a real inconvenience.
It's fun to play but i updated it and it deleted my progress. My skins, coins and my percentage of how far I've gone. It also has too many ads like most games. But I'm really mad about losing my stuff.
It's fun and enjoyable and a little rage inducing. The spawn system could use improvement. The ads are super annoying too.  The update broke everything. The diamonds are good, however the screen won't rotate anymore and I can't kill anyone! I just go through their tail. Everything is broken now. I really loved this game too.
AI is annoying to play against, they just try to kill you and that becomes annoying. I'll rate higher when more features are added like multiplayer
Great game, but is not online vs other players!! I just found out, and makes the game much less satisfying. And, why put .io when it is not Online?? Great game, buts needs to at least have the choice to go online.
I love it soooooo much  No offence to splix.io but I thought paper.io was the same as splix.io I was sooooo wrong  If you are having trouble picking between splix.io or paper.io choose paper.io much more interactive because you aren't just trying to get a better high score your also getting coins and saving up for paper  I love 8t
Alot of fun but I'm upset the rotation is all messed up. Game doesn't rotate to both sides anymore since the update and now because its dedicated to one side the adds show upside down (Galaxy s6). It also lags a lot so when I'm doing well it's frustrating because it sometimes forces me to hit a wall.
Please fix the bugs that are in multiplayer for 5 stars. Bugs: 1. Ladder glitch: when i join someone elses world when i climb a ladder up and then come down when i land i get hurt. 2. Chest glitch: sometimes my chests are invisible and this also disables me to open them. 3. When i join someones world it starts glitching out for 5 seconds and then it goes back to normal. Not such a big deal, but it would be nice if you could fix this. Thank you for reading my review.
Three words. Install. This. Now. I can't belive how amazing and fun this app is. It is really cool and I love all the blocks and all the building possibilities! If you want a roller coaster, then you get a roller coaster! You want an airport, then that's what you end up with! That's exactly why I love minecraft and why you should too! This app is good for all ages. You may not be the best at building but it kinda teaches you basic skills about some material to build with... kinda. Install and PLEASE enjoy!
It is awesome but buying minecraft pe is OK but make the textrpaks free. Book and quilt because I want to riet stories and a diary.  Stand glass if you want to rollplay evil red stand glass does the job. Armer stand I want to show my diamond gold iorn canemel elitra leter armor. And hardcor mod. Adventure mod. Plz make it more minecraft
My son has been playing this game for quite sometime and has really enjoyed it, but now the app will not open. When you try to open the app it just goes to a black screen that just ends up going back to the home screen. I have uninstalled the app then reinstalled it, but that didn't work. I thought maybe there wasn't enough storage on his phone so I deleted a bunch of old apps, and i also updated.the app, but that didn't help either. All the other minecraft apps work just not this one. I really hope whatever is wrong with it can be fixed.
Who ever is reading this don't download this app is not worth your money. Is not upgrading fast. And it only starts with the basics not all the futures minecraft has. The minecraft pocket edition doesn't have coloured glass and basically the futures we all wanted. I have it for over a year and I still don't have anything too exciting.
This is a great game! The only suggestion is making it easier to join people on realms because its very laggy and I'm always getting timed out.
I love this game but it needs to get a little bit higher because at first you are obsessed then after a while you don't know what to do. Sorry I am on my dad's account I don't have one so I hope you understand, love you Mojang!!!!!
A lot of great functionality for a free app. The only weird thing is some wild deviation in stats between iOS and android versions. I ski all day with friends running iOS, and usually one key stat, like vertical feet or number of runs, is way off among us. Can't really explain, can't be sure who's "right."
You build a deck, but you play the cards on a live multiplayer battlefield where they turn into either soldiers or spell effects. The game is pretty strategically deep, and just having the best cards, or copying a top player's deck is no guarantee of success. Supercell has also been doing an excellent job keeping the game fresh, and as time has gone by, they're getting more and more responsive to community feedback. I'm optimistic that this one will last quite a while.
I've been playing this game ages from the age 7-15^_^.This game is attractive,fun,enjoyable and incredibly cool! I never thought i would ever like a card game this much. I'm now on areanas 9 i can't wait till areana 10 comes out .this game is fun and i like that theres epics! I heardbthat they are legendry to! Open new chests and get new cards. This game is odanary,but my fav part is batteling for chests and trophies and money(gold).you mmust give it a try.
I really do enjoy paying this game. I wish the Trainer was a lot harder though. I can beat the trainer 3+ x's in a row but can't beat an opponent. Also, why is it that a lvl 1 is battling a lvl 4 or above. I don't think that's fair. How do you dictate what item to give someone in the chest? I'm still waiting to receive an item that's in Arena 1 & I'm in Arena 6&7. Also, are you going to make it possible to transfer clubs and gems to your clanmates/ friends?
Another classic supercell game. Yeah, it's fun(at first) and its definitely addicting which some people like, but the matchmaking system is clearly rigged, for one. When you get a little higher level, if you go to your battle log you'll see you won 5 straight, lost 6, won 4, lost 3, etc. They do it so people can't really get that many trophies, unless, of course, you spend some money. They say it's a free to play game, which may be true, but it's definitely pay to win. I won't go into further detail, just don't download it please. For your own sake
Needs Better Way Of Earning Cards. Also The Clans Need Something To Make It More Fun Because All It A Clan Does Is Give U Donations And Clan Chests Also Tournaments Should Be Lowered To Lvl 5. ONE MOTR THING WHY DOES IT SAY 3HR FOR SILVER CHEST BUT YAKRS 4HR TO OPEN PLEADE FIX THIS AND ADD THE ABOVE -Kruizado
One of the best strategy game I've ever played after boom beach is clash royale. Thanks super cell for providing the best strategy games. The only problem I have been facing is that the games are taking a hell lot of time to load while opening. This was not a problem 3 months back the games were loading easily on 3g services as well but now its taking time even on wifi.pls look into this as everyone is not using 4g devjces otherwise no doubt supercell is the best and deserves"★★★★★".
I am currently a free to play player with the princess, the miner, and the lava hound. I got the lavahound from a magical chest, the miner from a super magical, and the princess from a legendary chest. I got all the chests from battle and i am currently at 2986 trophies.I am a level 9 with 8700 xp. Hope this inspires all you free to play players... AND YES IT IS POSSIBLE. For proof if you want to see my profile my username is carzybanana100 and i am in the clan "legends".
Clash Royale is really amazing! I  didn't think it would be that fun and strategic. Only slight problem that  have with the game: leveling up is very hard. It's manageable however and makes the game that bit more challenging! Love It Though! Easy 5*.             (However, I think this game would be even better if there was some sort of campaign or single-player gameplay other then just the training camp!)
Top Buzz is a great app it keeps us in tuned with what's going on in the world and with our new president and so forth. A person like me don't watch the news do yes it's very intriguing
Fake This app is terrible  and the stories r unbelievable , literally. Also some of the pictures r photoshopped from famous movies. DO NOT GET THIS APP IT'S TOTALLY UNREAL AND HAS MADE UP STORIES !!!!!! Whoever likes this app is solo gullible 👎👎👎
I like it so far I'm also on this other news app that now I can deleted it cause u can't share there news and I think its fack so let me view my opinion and see how this app is good to keep so far so good keep up the nice work great app it is
Used the app daily until recently. Going to uninstall now. I want to know what is going on politically, but all you get is a biased viewpoint. Until that changes I'm no longer utilizing the app.
This app took me by surprise. I showed my daughter who is an adult about the woman who didn't know they where pregnant. It blew her away her mouth dropped. Good story keep up your good work.
O.M.G. THIS IS SUCH A GOOD SOURCE FOR ALL KINDS OF NEWS AND UPDATES TO THAT NEWS. YOUR ARE IN THE LOOP THE MOMENT YOU ARE DONE DOWNLOADING AND INSTALLING THIS HERE AMAZING APP. ROUND OF APPLAUSE TO THE ENTIRE TOP BUZZ CREW FOR MAKING IT POSSIBLE FOR US ANDROIDERS to have this on our phones
I'm new to this ,but so far I'm learning things that are not in the public media and it's fun.  I'm telling all my friends about Top Buzz.
The dumbest thing ever. Shouldn't even be on Play Store, and is not too good at news, and weather...
It would never display the DirecTV login screen, so it won't let me watch anything.  After trying to get the login screen 3 times, I selected Dish as my provider and got a login screen. I then backed out and selected Spectrum and got a login screen.  I already have had tons of issues with DirecTV and owner AT&T,  so would not be surprised if the problem is on their end.  Get with it Fox and AT&T.  I'm paying $120/more for #$%& service.  Can't wait till my contract is up, so I can cut the cord.
Cmon FOX, fix this app! It keeps repeating the same thing over and over every 5 or 10 seconds then skips ahead. Have deleted and reinstalled and same result. We deserve better than this from FOX!!
Worked for exactly 3 seconds before it froze from my phone and the iPad. But if course the commercial they make you watch at the beginning worked just fine.
Please give options for commercials. Plays exact same commercials every break!! So sick of the CenturyLink commercial. Literally see the same commercials about 25 times for each game I watch. Plus I can't get this app to work on my tablet. Keeps telling me I need to update Google play app or something and it never works. Otherwise everything else is great!
App does the bare minimum of what it should do, meaning it has the features but they don't work great. Example: Has Chromecast ability, the game casted to the TV is constantly looping back so you end up watching the last two minutes you watched over and over progressing ever so slightly forward. The same game on the same wifi when watching on the phone works fine...
Misleading, it says it's part of your TV subscription. BS. I am connected to my Verizon on my note and no cigar, only computer or tablet or connected devices. Well I am connected. Useless
Wouldn't stream to chromecast bc of "league restrictions"... Major fail guys. Always trying to squeeze the dollars, never trying to please the fans.
Please add multi view screen for Fox Sports GO, Computers already have multi 4 screen available and it works OK plus improve your live stream experience, it stops for a brief time then it plays.
This app sucks!! Pauses, skips around, constantly has loading issues. But I can watch any other app without issues.
Game is amazing! Watched PewDiePie play it, so I'm playin' it. I do have a suggestion of a good sticker we could buy for use on FB and such. It's rhe guy jigglin' his junk in the water, lol.
I love this game it is fun and soooooooooooooo amusing. Usually I don't like die and gor but this is super extraordinarily fun. Warning do not let 4 or younger tried this game. Take it from me. On accident one got hold of my Samsung and it ended with large water works.
Set fire to your hair Poke a stick at a grizzly bear Eat medicine thats out of date Use your PP!(Private part!) as pirahna baits!
I've had a wonderful time playing this game. My only problem that I can think of is with the "watch ad" button not working. Also the gameplay of the 'trying to keep the objects out of the sink thing' is a bit too... difficult..
This may be just my device but when I die and my last life is finished it glitches it ends up still going to "play again" like it should but sometimes I've noticed it glitches there but it may just be my device
It is an awesome game but sometimes it doesn't sense the tap which is annoying. However it's a neat game , really fun to play when ur bored. Overall a pretty amazing game. Oh another thing.  If it says 2600 (random )to get a new character and you get 2957(random) it won't count when it says 2800 to get a new character. That's annoying too. But I do suggest you get this cool app. 😂
Its kinda boring but the song is so funny and the game is too. Try to make it funner please. When its fun, I'll give 5 stars I promise I would if you would too. And I hate the ads actually to tell u the truth. 😊😂😄😅😮
Really addictive!  I already got some stickers,  but how do I use them? It says to get the dumb ways keyboard, but there doesn't seem to be one...
Hey, did I mess up? I paid for no ads but now I haven't got a chance to watch a video for more snails for days. :(  Still 5 ☆'s Super Fun! =D
It's so frustrating when you can't complete a level but it's so fun and easy to understand. The only thing I would say to improve is to earn snails daily or earning them by completing goals.
Easy to learn, challenging and cute graphics! The background graphics moving bother me at times the only drawback. My favorite game when I have down time!
It was kind of bad because I don't like how they put the controls like that it doesn't make any sense! If it  had different controls then yes I would rate this awesome! So please change controls
I love tap tap dash .its so addictive. I just love it. I play it every day every second every hour and every mili-second. Why did I even stop to rate I need to be playing this game . it is really fun. I love all the creative characters. And I like the different worlds . u should really get this game if u like fun and fast  games I rated every thing 5 stars(*****). I love this game.
It's really fun and you can play in different worlds and get new characters this game deserves every 5 star and download possible so download it I promise you won't regret it this is a really long sentence anyway get tap tap Zak is awesome bye byyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeee
I think this game is amazing and fun I love it so much it's so full of adventure and so many cool characters even a cat and cats are my favorite animal. I love this app is you don't have it you should get it it's awesome there's just a few problems but it's fine
It is addictive and a great time  killer on a long road trip or or if u are at a doctors or somewhere u have to wait for a long time. So i say it is a really good game 🎮. Thank you for making it for all of us. I really suggests this game for u.:-)
I hate most games but I can't stop playing this one. Extremely addictive due to the "just one more try"  effect. Highly recommended for anyone with ADHD
I only use it to find ringtones. Some available are not so nice. Don't appreciate them at all. Thanks and God Bless
I haven't had time to check out all the features but it's easy to use and has a wide range of choices. Not liking all those ads though
Haven't had a chance to use any after downloading them...  Let ya know later
A bit less ads, now just need to cut out full screen ads altogether. You have a little ad panel, why do you need to get greedy with it?
I enjoy what is available, but I think the app could benefit from newer more frequent content updates. All in all 4/5 would get wallpapers again!
The game was amazing honestly amazing but the only problem I had was with the gems and the time it takes for you to need to go to sleep again games like you probably need to find a rare animal and make sure he leaves in time so I can get it's jams that it drops and sleeping don't get me started about it
My tallking Hank is the best game even better from Angela . Angela just send messages I am sleepy I am hungry  pet me but hank didn't do any of these things. My message  to everyone is download this game I expected that it's not worth it. but I love playing it day night . I keep it as my own pet is sitting near me . PLEASE NOTE you should try it.
Love the game but me and my boyfriend got the game at the same time did everything the same buy my prices of food and toys for the animals are way higher compared to his and it's only happened to me and no one else someone needs to fix this problem for me as its quite annoying how I have to wait longer to collect more coins for my toys and takes me longer to get higher on my levels and getting new animals. Would appreciate it if someone would fix this for me thank you
Can I declare this dependant on my taxes!? Just another app design to siphon money out of your wallet! The designed  structure is like all the other free  PAY CRAP !   Hey dev, stop being so greedy and offer 1 price for 1 game! NOT KEEP PAYING TO PLAY! And to all you devs out there stop making grinder, coin,gem,job, beggars.These are not games! They are dependants !
Why are yall being haters and first of all arent some of yall to old to be playing this game. If you hate it so much make your own game and lets see how many horrible comments on that. I think its great.
I love seeing Hank sleep and go to d toilet. Hank is sooo adorbs I'm obsessed with the app. Before d app was released I was saying to myself that talking Tom,Angela etc. have all released couple yrs ago why didn't talking Hank but today when I came to d playstore looking for a game to play when I got bored guess what I found out that talking Hank came out!?!?
This game is so cute and fun to play. It is very easy to get coins and diamonds. The animals are adorable creatures but my favourite is little Hank. I did not realize at first that he records your voice and my four year old loves that it does that, it makes her laugh every time.
I only put 1 star because i HATE getting the " sorry no videos can be found message" i have this  game on 2 devices and i keep getting this nessafe... i will uninstall on both if this continues. Fix it and you'll get the 5 stars you deserve we should get free spins for the trouble
I love Hank he goes perfect with my Tom & Angela. I think it's fun that he wee it's so cute In fact we all once used the outdoors to wee & he's a dog so of course he goes outside so for those of you who r upset about it hope you don't own a dog. Lmbo.. Keep up the good work y'all my Grandson and I love it.....xoxoxoxoxox pls fix the videos for extra coins that's the only problem I have Thanx..
It's addictive, challenging, and fun while keeping you entertained while wasting time. I love getting as many coins as possible in order to continue upgrading, completing objectives, and unlocking new characters. Gathering coins to upgrade and such becomes the addictive part. Prepare yourself for a lot of fun, entertainment, and a lot of saying, "Just one more try! I'll stop playing the next time I die." Good Luck!
Ok well it is not the best game but it is not the worst. You should at least get to change the characters each time you play otherwise it's boring and if you don't no one will want to play the game. Well that's what I think. Pay attention. See you later.
I Love this game too, as like Temple Run 2. This game is very enjoyable and interesting like temple run 2. Though this is more tougher than temple run 2. But this is also adventurous like temple run 2, full of risks of felling down at every moment. Tough to collect most coins. Not easy to cover more and more kms. in this game. This quality of the game makes this game more adventurous and interesting. Really adventurous. Like it....
I love this game, spend a lot of idle time playing it. I have two different phones to use and the runners or the game track runs slower now, but no big deal. I always crash face-first into a solid object! I would like to few more invulnerabilitys show up they're impossible to catch sometimes.
I loved this game for a long time until prompted to update a week ago... I put if off till today and surprise surprise ads popping up... You have ruined a great game for profits... Now uninstalling.
Additional information about the property and the other side of the way i am and the same family family for for for the beach to be rude and you can get a new phone for a few days and. I will be it to you and your family with your family and your life to your be at the the beginning top of the this time season of for the you and and the I was will the to. Daniel 6 was a good friend of mine and to get the ball on the top of the pharos wheel pharos of this type of in a few minutes and you will find.. Thanks!
I'm in love with this game, however I'm giving only one star to it because of the persistent and tricky advertising. Do you know how annoying it is to touch the screen in order to keep playing and instead of doing that an ad appears and opens your browser to take you to the advertisers website? It is more than a nightmare, no one feels good by being almost forced to do something against their will. I understand that money is a must for the company and I would pay for a free ad version. Fix this please!
Eats my battery and my time, but I like playing it anyway! Simple, easy (but not too easy), few ads, no weird permissions. The screen controls can be a little screwy sometimes, but I can't tell if it's the game or my phone (I have a refurbished). Fiddling with the in-game control sensitivity usually fixes it.
The game play is cool, but the unbelievable amount of ads are ridiculously time consuming. I spent more time watching stupid advertisements than actually enjoying the game itself. Will not be keeping this app because of the forced ads.
Too many long video adds which almost made me uninstall the game but after a while there seemed to be less. Other than that, a great game.
2nd Update - USE AIRPLANE MODE WHEN PLAYING GAME!!! Gets rid of the ads since took the developer has LOCKED them so you have to watch them!  Fun game to play, gets me thinking but ads are on almost every screen.  I get that is how you make money but this is crazy!
I hate being forced to watch ads. Other games give you the option to choose, this doesn't. Uninstalled!
Good game but too many advertisements. After a while you get fed up of them and stop playing
Great game can i buy it so I don't have to watch the ads?  Would get a 5 star if half as many ads!
It gets old. Fast. And having to sit through an ad after every third level doesn't help.
I do love this game, but I am finding it impossible to do from song 28 onwards. It's just too fast for me
Sometimes I hit a tile but it says I hit a blank one next so I can't keep going and I am usually saving my diamonds so it is probably just my screen protector messing me up
I love this game! It's amazing! Could you add searching function, sometimes I couldn't find songs I like or my favourite composer? Thank you!
After update my s7e to nougat, the apps suddently hang after reach 1000 above. Hope can be fix
Its late to get to it upgrade but its a very fun games ever i play...1 years old may play it just lika my brother...ihope everyone like this app.there is 1morevgame...it was rolling sky...it was very best...it same just like this...
Best EVER!!!! READ RO FIND OUT?!!  THIS game  is really good I had it since I was 3 and I'm 11 now so I had this game for a long time
Its great i cant stop playing this game. Each round it became faster and faster but its helps us to focus more hehehe
This game is very awesome. Keep it up. I love the fact that if you tap any thing it makes a tune when you continue.
This game is so addictive and fun I don't rate 5 star for nothing you should get it so shut up haters
I am not able to login again thru my device at shows login error everytime... I am so upset... Please help me
App locked me out of the account when I hit level 7 and now I can't sign back in
I love it better than Facebook Live I like how you can level up/send gift's as well I have no complaints fr
Cool app but for some reason i cant get back into my account so now im just going to uninstall it.
I had 5 stars but now when it loads a live.me the whole screen turns white will re rate 5 once fixed
My log in need to be restarted because it's saying that I'm already logged in and I'm not
It's great but when I see other people streaming it stops and starts multiple times
I love this app you get to meet people u might never see in person
Guys, can you fix the bugs on the app... The most annoying one is when the confederation scrolls by itself up. There are more but I'd start with the above as it's affecting usability. I'll give more stars after this specific bug is fixed...
Does this even work? Its been ages i have this app but not a single chat with anyone..Even girls having the bio as "Here just to make friends" dont swipe i guess.Common no one can be so unattractive.
It feeds you people you've already matched with. Another thing is even if you pay they only let you see a small percentage of who's in your area on an attempt to make you use the app longer. I wish paying prevented their bottlenecking. Also paying doesn't guarantee you can go back if you make a mistake.
It shares Facebook Liked Pages and does not allow which ones to show or hide, even if settings on Like Page are set to "me" only. It's a very intrusive app as well as expensive
I got some matches on Tinder. I closed the app, reopened it after 5 mins and those matches are gone!! Moreover, all the current matches are not displaying correctly. I have to logout and login each and every single time.. Just want to ask, how many more days its gonna take to fix a small damn bug!!
Hey so I've been using it for a while. Met some great people but..lately it's had a huge number of bots on here. Please find a way to fix that cuz they're getting even more convincing by the day and eventually just pop on a random link or ask for weird information.
Well I keep trying to use tinder but it never ever works right now it keeps sat error logging in wtf. Keeps saying it's loading matches or whatever u call it and doesn't find anyone to match with it just stays on my picture. Fix the glitch
Crazy expensive. HBO has great content, but nowhere near "$15/month X forever" great. The quality would shift fown dramatically to ~144p even on 85Mbs download speed. The Irony of watching Silicon Valley (a show about a compression company) on blocky, artifacting, and unstable quality was incredibly thick.
Does not work. The app and my OS is up to date but the app simply does not function at all on my note 3. The second I try to start a show, it simply crashes each and every time. Edit: saw HBOs response.  Still doesn't work with suggestions.  One star still stands.
F**k this s**ty lagging piece of crap. It is no better on my xbox one. Glad its a free trial or i would have wanted to choke a b*tch. Btw i have 70Mbps download with 8Mbps up tested  connection  with perfect reliability on  Netflix, Hulu, and YouTube.
I can only watch via my phone. I tried to set it up on my laptop/notebook and was told it wasn't supported. Why not? I bought it for Game of Thrones and while I love the content, I will need to explore more to see what else I enjoy on here. Please let me download on my laptop!
When it let's me watch shows or movies its fine. Every time I tried to get into a show or movie it constantly freezes and says error. I try to watch OZ or G.O.T and I can't even watch 5 minutes of it. Really not worth the $15 a month if I can't even watch a full episode of something .
Please fix.  Make it like Hulu & Netflix & Youtube.  The continual video size changes while watching a stream is the worst bug.  Hulu & Netflix & Youtube video is always the same size no matter what the resolution.  That continually bouncing screen size is truly distracting from your great shows & movies.   Reminder:  it is 2016 not 1996.
Not much to pick from and out of the things you do have, not much is worth watching. Westworld was about the only interesting thing on there. Netflix at the least has new stuff and even original stuff. You have stuff I have already seen or don't care to see. Plus, your app freezes alot, quality of movies and shows are not that great, and it is priced higher than almost all other services like it. No 4K available for the price you are asking? I don't know what the hell you guys are thinking. You seem lazy and desperate.
So... HBO Go has auto play but not HBO Now. Are you kidding me? It's infuriating that I can't effortlessly binge watch a series because HBO purposely made the HBO Now app worse than HBO Go. In fact, it is really the only difference between the two apps. Poor business practice. I'd rather go through the hassle of finding the episodes elsewhere than keep paying a company that purposely withholds convenient features. Shame... shame... shame...
What happened during the Update?  Something changed and I'm getting annoyed that when using words no emojis come up anymore...  like key in heart, love,  hot, Happy etc used to have an emoji option now it's gone.  I don't know what to do to fix this and have made no changes.  FUARK!
What the hell happened during this update? I like the emoji row, that's neat and I was able to change the long press setting to a shorter time but sometimes it doesn't even pick up that I'm holding the key down. I'm also extremely annoyed that I can't hold down backspace to delete multiple words anymore. This update seems buggy and I don't like it.
My go to keyboard!  The new row of smileys on top of the keyboard is a great add on, just wish it was there when you changed language from English to another, as I do on a daily basis.   I also wish the row of smileys was constantly there in whatever app you happen to type in. Like Facebook, in some areas the smileys will be there, in others it will not, which doesn't make sense.
Been using Swype for years, but having a lot of issues since the update.  Word prediction has taken a step back and at times it bugs out to where I have to open a browser and type something before it will work in my messaging program.  Using Sony x compact.
After this update, certain emojis I used no longer work. When I try to write :P it now auto corrects it to "hop". Tons of other words I have to correct each time I type. At least one thing hasn't changed... the word game always turns into "Gabe" even after the update. Guess I can't be disappointed too much!
Was perfect. Long press delay for deleting multiple words too long now, feels clunky. Also have turned of emoji suggestions but still have a whole line of screen real estate dedicated to emojis. Has swipe up to capitalise been removed too? To be honest this app was perfect before and probably didn't need messing with. Otherwise great still - thanks.
Ok, THEY ADDED A DEDICATED NUMBER ROW!!! Officially the BEST Android keyboard ever!   I am a bit miffed and quite perplexed as to why turning on the dedicated numbers turns off the Secondary Characters, but the dedicated number row is so useful I can forgive it.   However, I must ask the developers to PLEASE allow the secondary characters to remain on the keyboard when the dedicated number row is on. Forcing optional settings on/off is never a good idea.  Always give users options.  Don't make their decision for them.
Swype is fantastic, even without Xposed.  I've been using Swype since my Galaxy S Fascinate. I've tried alternates, but kept coming back. There's something fundamentally right about the way Swype works. And try to force a number of layout in the others! (Ugh) For a few years, I needed Xposed, though. Slowly, we got theme support, then decent emoji implementation, and now a number row!  I would love it if Swype would look at the Xposed modules to implement those features. Those are the things people do when they have the power to change your software. Biggest wish for me: complete control over alternates visibility. I don't want to pick from just the themes where you've added alternates. Let me pick any theme, then adjust the visibility and subtlety of the alternates separately. I'd also love to change text colour. I miss Xposed.
Dated graphics. Horrible lag. Repeated ads. Players arent given enough time to enjoy their upgrades or catch up to big spenders.  Im a big spender but I have seen alot come and go.  Mz wont get another dime from me. Greed is very evident.  They do not care about their players but only money.  OSS82 kingdom #924.
Really!!! $100 on a game Pak?? Are you fu*king for real! I hope they wake up,wait they don't care cause theirs idiots out there who would spend 10,000usd on a game. Wait, even millions.. Fun at first but I'm done. Too greedy,I would spend 9.99 or even 19.99 if I hit a scratch off but $100!! GOTO helllll greedy fups!!
Do you know what's NOT going to make me play your stupid game? That bloody thelegend27 commercial everytime I want to watch something on Youtube. Yes, that's how annoying it is that I've only installed your stupid game to leave this review
Developer has ruined game with excessive micro purchases for advancement... Without hundreds of $, you will fail. You will struggle to continue playing when you get slammed by other players who spend lots of real money to grow. It is now nearly impossible to compete against other players due to the differences. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this game to anyone. I regret playing this game now because of the the greedy push for money by MZ and the devastating effect it has on gameplay. Sad, sad, sad....
Be careful Mobile Strike, Ark of War, etc. samplers (those wanting a "home" that does not "squeeze" them for "rent,") my suggestion to MZ is this: 1) Since MoneyZone is concerned about its namesake, cater more to those accounts that have spent money. 2) Add a disclaimer to your login screen and inform people. 3) Add a disclaimer at the top of your description of your app from wherever people download.
Money money money if you want to waste it this game will take it. Been playing for a month and its fun for a while but soon you start getting hammered on by higher level kingdoms. You need shields they cost money. You need speed ups they cost money. I recommend skipping this game and going elsewhere i know players who spend $100  week to play and keep there level of progress.
I would like this better if you were able to teleport to other kingdoms, if you join another alliance. One of my friends joined my alliance, I didn't know he was part of another kingdom at the time. now he can't teleport to my kingdom. Why allow someone to join an alliance outside of their kingdom if they can't teleport to it?
Pay to win on the largest scale, and then screws you over. This is also false advertising. The picture on the cover? A big lie. Any cool features you may have seen? A lie. Don't get this micro-transaction of a game.
Way to many adds and spawn points are terrible if didnt have that then i would probraly ghve u a 4 star but now its a 2 from me😠
There's only one game mode and it can get boring so adding more game mods will be lot more fun egs: team battles, time limit match, and so on!  Edit: The new update is awesome but I play with the volume buttons down but it won't let me play like that can you fix it.
I was playing this game pretty often, and then VOODOO did an update seemingly tripling the amount of ads that show up. Don't let yourselves get too greedy, it's going to cost you users.
Ever since the latest update, there has been more lag and my screen won't turn the way I want it to turn.
Quits app. Everytime I attempt to load the game, it says voodoo, then it quits the app. Would give 5 if it still worked
Addictive   I love it games and this is0 definitely my favourite is needed something to do on the bus that won't get boring after 20 minits definitely  a excellent game I love it or as amylee would say loves it! The only way I think u could improve the game is  by improving the controls other than  the controls every thing is on point definitely recommend!😉😉😉😉😅😂😂😃😃🐕🐶🐩🐀🐹🐁🐺🐶🐇🐕🐶🐢🐐
It's a little laggy for slow electronics like one of mine but other that it's a great game.  Very addictive 👌👌👌
Brilliant Great fun to play and simplistic yet cool graphics. However it would be nice to control via the other rotation of the device not just that 1 side. Also please allow us to pay to stop ads. Otherwise fantastic game.
I love it cause it gives you a choice. It has creative were you can freely build and it also has survival were you have to protect yourself. This is my fav game in the whole wide world and I totally recommend it for kids YOUGER Then ten.
When I press on it the screen still goes black and crashes! The update hasn't done anything to fix It! I've tried deleting it and installing it again, but it still doesn't work! I've changed all the permissions, but it still doesn't Work! Mojang please fix this cause I'm just gonna have 2 give it a 1 star rating until it's Fixed! Like if anyone else has this problem!
I have a yotaphone 1 and the game won't load, it just shows a white to black gradient with a black square on top. I used to love this game on my previous phone and it's such a shame I can't play it now. Please may you fix this, I don't want to be left behind
Thank you for fixing the small glitch I had.. But THE GAME UPDATED AND WONT LET ME ON THE SERVER ANYMORE. :I I wish that would stop happening..  I hope you all at mojang fix that.. Thanks for reading ((if you did)) anyways.. thanks for making the game better.. :I
This game has made my life stand up to be me I have been in many classes in the past to learn more about Minecraft. This led me to make my own games like Minecraft. I have been playing this game when I was 4 and I'm still playing it and I'm now 9! Thanks to the Mojang crew for making a beautiful, wonderful, and creative game. Never stop following your dreams Mojand. We all love you! I love you!
Its great but add the YouTubers skin back and make the skins all free and add armor stands and make it so we can dye leather armor and add a thing we we typ in the chat were we can get any kind of head that are Minecraft skin heads like the PC
The game is great, but i think there could be an improvement in the performance of the game. In the other hand if we can play with our mouse and keyboard, but i think many users would like to use the mouse as they do in the computer because it is really annoying that you have to hold right click to move your vision i think that would be a big improvement. Like if you agree with me people.
I love it! Its so addicting and you have unlimited things to do! You can play with friends, make yt channels for example, Aphmau! (love her channel) She is so amazing!! ITZ WORTH THE MONEY SO YOU SHOULD BUY IT ITS DEFINATLY WORTH IT!
Thank for making this game I have fun crafting and fight, and aventrin in the world of minecraft. Wunts agen thank you  for  making  minecraft same as my frend he a had lot of fun to in minecraft it bring something to do with my friends and  family. (: ps it bring joy to my hart. And make me now what it going to to be it fell like if Erath is made of squares.
A fantastic app for granular ski data, I'd give it five stars if only for one day when everything failed at 42% battery life. Not knowing the cause I can only assign blame equally.
Great little app. But you can't turn it off unless you do a force stop which is annoying.  If I quick the program and it isn't running then it should be off. One thing that should be fixed.
Great app, used it for a couple of ski trips and it's really interesting to see how far and fast we've been . Only wish it had compatibility with my fitbit
Great app lots of data recorded, interesting to see your day out in figures and on map, take photos in app, compare figures like top trumps at end of day with friends.
Great App. I use it anytime I go on the snow
Very good app, stores a lot of data. No GPS issues.
Works great...alot fun to review the day
Best skiing tracking app out there
Lol the game is good but your preview pictures in Google play shows that the prince is an epic card but if you look in the deck, it has a color of rare cards, orange. That doesn't change the fact that this game is awesome. But add some kind of in-game currency that makes the game more easier, also make the card upgrade prices reasonable. I have a witch that takes 5,000 gold to upgrade ONCE, I mean you have to do something or people will start to quit because it's almost always pay to win.
I love the gameplay and mechanics. All of the cards can be equally powerful and battle decks are the right size. My two problems with the app is matchmaking and ranked play. I love playing somebody of equal skill but not when somebody has 3 level s on me. You could fix it by adding a bot to the arenas. Secondly I hate experimenting with decks. Make a casual mode in where you can compete without risking trophies or rewards. That would be amazing. Thanks Supercell!
It's great, I love it it is so good however Supercell if you are reading this then let me ask you something. 4000 gems from arena 7 upwards is very harsh in my opinion so please make it at least half that amount. I haven't opened a giant, magical or super magical for ages, due to the cost of gems. And I think I speak for everyone when I say that
The new update is great. But the only problem is the battle ram challenge. Each time I try to build a deck, it would go back to the home screen, and say "please retry your connection." I fixed my WIFI but it still wouldn't work. All in all I still like the game but I would enjoy it even more if Supercell could fix it. I hope someone in Supercell could read this message.
Me and my mates play it all the time it's very fun and I think it's the best supercell game so far It's cool how there are a range of different cards and so many to collect and you can friendly battle your mates. It's a great game and it keeps improving. I am a free player because I have no money to spend on these games and I gave found that it's probably better to free play then to pay ( but that's just my opinion). I got a sparky (legendary) in a free chest and I had a legendary chest that I won in battle
Looking for a game to make your heart race and make u feel like a god when u find the cards that work for u?? Wow this is itFind your friends that play and go WILD!!! I LEFT CLASH OF CLANS FOR THIS WITH NO LOOK BACK. AMAZING NEW CARDS OFTEN AND THE TOURNAMENTS ARE SO FUN. TRUST ME
Hi Supercell, the game is good for passing time. The controlls and graphics are ok but there isnt really a purpose to the game anymore. It is just the sams old stuff every update. New cards every week or so. Different challenges. The same trophie ladder. We need something new. The clan chest was fun at the start but people are just ignoring it. My clan used to get 8/9/10 in every clan chest. Now we are at e or 4. That is partly because you have lowered thd time we have. I think 7 days was a good amount. And i wish that the higher uo the better the awards. Epics should be rewarded earlier up in the Clan Chest
Amazing just amazing This is possibly the best game on my phone.No jokes this is a fun to play game that is growing rapidly. Everytime a new card comes out there is already another one coming soon.Dont even get me started on the support team because it will take too long to explain why they are so great. All they want to do is help and nothing else. I definitely rate this game 5 Stars. GET THIS GAME RIGHT NOW!!  Thank you so much Supercell for this amazing game
I really really like this and I'm sure I will continue to for future updates. I mean this is game is just great I really enjoy it and I play it a lot. I love how you went from a troop making attack resource stealing game to a real time strategy lane pushing game. you guys good idea when u created this game! I don't know if you guys will ever see this review but I highly suggest maybe like a sandbox. Please please please do this I think this is a great idea. Like you have infinite elixir and you can battle against the trainer and you both have like infinite health. Something like that. Thank you guys for the amazing game hope to see more content.
Keeps you alerted on updates & breaking news. Keeps you in the loop of what's going on around the globe 24 hours a dad day. Very great way for me to be in the now!
ILOVE TOP BUZZ KEEPS ME IN TOUCH WITH THE 🌎 IM HOMELESS SAC-CA (AMERICAN RIVER) NEVER WATCH T.V / READ NEWS PAPER. TOB BUZZ ILOVE IT. THANK YOU!
It is great see that I have a lot of information to myself but it's not very funny it's mean to post things like that who knows what you've been posting they're giving out your business
This app is worse than CNN, Full of game news. O MLB u rate 5 stars to make it seen.
It's great I never get bored with it at all. My wife said I just more attention to it then her. Keep the great news coming!
Awesome app sooo much news better than watching boring TV crap keep it the good work ladys and gents. Thumbs up.
You can't watch live events on a phone. So why do they make it available for download on a phone. My phone is as big as a tablet and because it is not a tablet I was unable to use this. Bad app
Due to league restrictions... When is "the league" going to get smart and realize they'd make more money if they let people stream from their phone like every other form of media on the planet?
I travel for work and this app makes it so I cam watch my Cavs and Indians play.  This app is a necessity for me!
Can't watch superbowl on phone app so it's completely useless to me. Didn't even look at the app otherwise. As a side note, the stream I finally got to work doesn't even have the sb commercials. Double fail, fox.
The app doesn't let you sign in with DirecTV. Then their so called customer service just says it's a DirecTV problem. But my DirecTV works great.
I'm at work and thought this was going to be a lifesaver, but it doesn't stream to the phone. This sux! Thanks FOX
Another steaming pile of mobile garbage. Terrible UI, terrible service. Don't waste your time.
I am able to get every single character in Dumb Ways to Die. I loved this game! However, the coins earned when the game is over are useless. Besides, Snapchat is needed to send stickers to friends and a person is also needed to send the stickers. Very entertaining game, though!
About have made a great game once again! Number two is also awesome! If your going to make an update, could you be able to make a character to play in dumbest of the dumb and the challenges? Other than that plz can you get rid of the thing when it decreases your score?😀
Helps me kill time when I need to. Keeps ya on your toes! The only thing is the airplane guy crashes instantly no matter hard I try or what I do. Idk if its me or a glitch. Still love it though!!
When I place my fingers over the holes on the bleeding one, it only registers two of my fingers, and it won't allow me to sew up the kidney or tilt the screen to give the astronaut his helmet back.
This game used lots of different inventive ideas and created a game which no only has interesting characters with individual personalities, but it also has some crazy ideas about ways to die, the reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 was because although many games have adverts this game sometimes has interactive adverts which require you to play whilst wasting time which would be better spent on the game, but on the whole an interesting game and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys inventive games
The game is very, very addictive and fun but the new update brought so much more ads then there used to be. Plus, on some of the ads I wasn't able to exit out properly. PLEASE FIX ADS! Otherwise great game 😊
It awesome it will keep me entertained for a long time i suggest getting this app 😝😗😚😘😄😃😈😎😵😇🙉🙈🙊💩💎💛💙💜💚❤💖
some phones cant register more than 2 fingers at a time so please adapt some of the minigames. give the wires on"do your own electric work" a bigger place to touch. also when your at your fastest and the "hold" minigame comes up,  its almost impossible to react.
It is amazing but It really is a impossible game. SO HARD!!!! It's a great game I love it. Sometimes I think it should be called 'Tap Tap Crash'. I love it but I feel there should be a shop with in game money. Great game It is five stars.
After level. 50 it gets to be way to hard, I like a challenge but, it's almost impossible to make all the turns in time. And 1 dollar  to skip the level really come on....
This game will challenge your brain and after a long time you will get to know that game is playing with your mind. Be focus may be you can play till possibilities. ..
I love this game it gets you think and as you go you get cute animals and it is fun to play when I'm not doing anything or I'm bored. I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH.😍😊😀
Great time killer. It's addicting, plus a rage game I literally smacked myself, it's a habit
I hate this game! LoL.. it is really challenging so you could spend all you free time to play it again and again. Worth 5 stars as one of the hardest game to play. LoL
i am facing frame rate drops in oneplus 3t which runs high end games very well. but with tap tap i am having this lag issue only on oneplus 3t. please optimise
I think you should add a potion to make him young again. Like My Talking Tom. I also think you should not make him grow too fast. He grows up way too fast. So please do that update then I would put 5 stars and install it again.
Wow he looks like a Hank I think it funny that he pees behind the bathroom Bron fotheringham I think its stupid if your wash his hands tom don't do that (aka) I'm 11
I enjoyed playing it. It is a quite good game. I have read the comments of people complaining about how hard it is for one to earn money  with only one mini game, but let me tell you that is what game is about people. The 'Outfit 7' people needed to make it hard or it would be a 4 year olds' game.....and also animals give you some money when they leave.
I've been waiting for this game to come out! Hank was always my favorite! Although it is a little boring, you should add more games and choices like you did to the other two
I leave talking hank while sleep and go to play another game and when I came back then he was at home and he was tired and can't take photos of animals. Please fix this issue then I will give you five or uninstall.
Addicted to this game. But I wished we could earn more money by playing games in other time until we take foto of other animal. There are no way to earn more money I this game so please fix this issue.
The game is good with variaty of options. However, after recent purchase the game becomes unplayable. The game freezes during loading screen. Very frustrating and waste of money. Don't jeopardise people who support u.
Natural, and relaxing Now i know how Hank was born. Hes such a natural, funny dog. I really love it when we can take pictures of them in the beach. I know you guys were inspired from Neko Atsume Kitty Collector game! But really, it's fun. The funnest thing i enjoyed was the animals. Add more if you could, Outfit7! I love your games!
Hey watsup guy its nice game. Its just like my talking tom or my talking Angela. Its nothing but a timepaas game, if you want to pass your time so you can download and rate it five stars I luv this type of games hope you all also like this game and please don't do insult of this game
I use to love this game, played it often as a kid and decided to re download it later. It worked for a while until now, the tilt controls stopped working completely. Deleting this and not downloading it until it's fixed.
So stupid I played it to me it isn't worth crap. It drained 25%battery power out of my phone. And way to many ads.
Great classic game of its' kind (I believe maybe the first mobile game of its' kind as well)... anyway it's stuck with its' original game structure and I MO I find it to be the most enjoyable and no other can copy it or do better than it☺
Wow! Nice creations . I like your game very much and I just can't stop playing it. I expect much more better games from you in future. But this game is just alike subway surfers although both the game are equally brilliant in their features. These two games seem to be same. Anyways I LOVED THIS GAME AND  I WOULD LOVE TO GIVE YOU 100 STARS🎊🎊🎊🎑🎑🎑🎉🎉🎉🎉✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨ IF I COULD!!!!LOL
There is a MESSED UP STORY behind this game. YOU NEVER GET TO THE END YOU ARE JUST RUNNING AND RUNNING AND RUNNING ETC AND THE BACKGROUND IS OBVIOUSLY NEVER ENDING ITS BACKSTORY IS SO MESSED UP
I loved the old version. The grafics were great and i loved sliding down the rope. I do not see why u changed it. Please ad these things back in and i will rate 5 stars.  For the moment I am unninstalling, sorry. PS temple run 2 is better i like temple run 2.
I fell in love with this game the second I got it and it's for boys and girls coming from a girl herself!! plus the haters only hate coz they do not know how to play and the game so they just do not give it a chance never listen to haters listen to haters coz all they know is hate hate hate hate and we'll u get the idea but go with the lovers coz they know truth truth truth truth truth and as of again u get the idea right we are telling the truth listen to the lovers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This game use to be cool. I decided to redownload it to see how far I could get. I've opened all of the characters, gotten all 3 wallpapers, and upgraded all of the powerups as high as they'll go. Now I'm just bored. I'm uninstalling this but was an okay game for a while.
It's a lot of fun, but some of the ads can be a bit long at times thus making me lose interest in the game.
Adds that can't even be closed?? Seriously?? This must be the rudest and the greediest developer ever, no thank you, I'm getting me a modded app
For Pete's sake, get a grip on the ads!  I can't be buggered to sit through 2 minutes of ads for 30 seconds of gameplay!
Thought it was boring did not keep my interest same thing over and over again there's only so many puzzles you can do with that size play area seemed repative
The game was cool but the ads are insane. I spent more time watching ads than I did playing!
nice game but the full page video ad is way too annoying and you can't skip it!! uninstalled!!
Why are you showing add in the middle of each level? You shouw adds after completing each level not in the middle of any level.
The game is really awesome but it would be even beter if there are piano versions of modern songs as well, and thanks for creating such an awesome game
to many ads it causes the to crash a lot. fix that and I will Gabi 5 stars
I really love this game..  keeps my brain active when it's nothing else to do... plus I love music...
As a fan of classical music this game is Amazing nothing more needed to Say really besides development team...please add the game of thrones theme to this game
I like this app because i get to watch my favorite fan on YouTube romen Atwood live
The Best  I love this so much a girl can song her butt off
Doesn't update who's online have to exit the app also need to make beaming a level 9 thing for android users
Do know its just live to me and you can feeling the monment
The app logged out and cant log in.
nan
Its good. But when u sign out u can never sign back in
Best app! My user is 🍪🍭MiNi_gUmMi🍪🍭 and I have a friend named 😂tdog😂. This app is soo great!
This suck its not let me go live
I've been on tinder for years... Never had this problem with bugs up until a week ago.  Can't load my matches. Can't see messages. Constantly logs me out. Getting so fed up with it.
The sheer number of fake users makes the app effectively unusable.  In any major metropolitan area, I'd estimate 80% of users are fake, and you can tell simply by the similarities shared by all the scammers.  Tinder clearly has no interest in policing this, as it's only gotten worse over time. Presumably they don't police this because it makes it look (to rubes) like there's tons of super attractive users.  Bumble does not have this problem AT ALL so clearly it is solvable.  Tinder just doesn't care.  Useless app in its present state.
At one time Tinder was an excellent app. A person could get many matches and it was a genuinely great advancement to the world of online dating. Then the developers decided to make some money due to popularity, which is fine. The problems with this lies with the fact that they got greedy by limiting the amount of right swipes you're now allowed, which is a pathetic number. The monthly pricing is completely out to lunch. I am recommending that people instead download the Bumble app, you get unlimited matches with a platform that rarely glitches out, unlike Tinder. The folks at Tinder should be ashamed for becoming greedy, it's a slap in the face to the early users who made the app as popular as it is.
This is just a horribly made and horribly maintained app. A new issue is sure to crop up in every update. When an apps lags and hangs even though your phone has 6GB RAM, you know it's been developed terribly.
All these 20 somethings with no Instagrams, no bio info, no common interests, and some have modelling careers, and I've never seen so many who are working for the New York Yankees, yeah right. Makes me wonder if they were added just to keep us swiping.
Logging into the account is still a nightmare. It has always been. I was getting exactly same issues with previous versions both of the app and Android, even phone! Nothing has seemed to change that. The only time when I can reliably log in is after device reboot or on WiFi (and on iOS).
The app is stuck on "finding people near you" even with the distances and ages maxed out, I live in Montreal so I know that's not an issue. I also have the app on iOS and it works just fine.  Please fix this,the only way I've found to get around this is downloading an older apk of the app.
Its nice to be able to stream anywhere but why instead of buffering does it randomly glitch all over the timeline. Shouldn't it pause and load instead of jumping around so when it finally does load you have to figure out where you were at, get there, load again, then repeat issue
Great to have access to HBO's programming without having to pay outrageous cable fees. However, the app freezes CONSTANTLY while playing anything. Get your act together and fix this, HBO!
Everytime a watch a show, at least once, the video freezes.  This app has a mind of its own.  It would be awesome if I could watch the shows I wanted to start to finish, that just never happens
Please fix this app. I really wanna be a customer but if the bugs aren't fixed before my free trial is up that's not gonna happen. It works fine half the time but the rest of the time it'll do this weird fast forwarding thing in the middle of streaming. So annoying if it doesn't get fixed I'm switching to Netflix.
For  $14.99 a month it should be 4k. Definitely way overpriced for what you get. Doesn't even compare to Netflix and costs $3 more a month than Netflix 4k. Already cancelled subscription. HBO really needs to get on top of their game!
I use this almost exclusively with my Google Chrome and it's definitely choppy. And how the app reacts (pausing causes the app to freeze, the status bar getting stuck on the bottom after rewinding/fast forwarding, etc) are both reasons why I rated this a 3 star. It's on par with Netflix (which suffers similar problems) and I like a majority of the shows on it....but I hate to say the Amazon's Fire Tv just works so much better.
Freezes quite a lot and cant just enjoy watching a show. Constantly missing parts or having the screen become jumbled. Not worth the money at all service wise.  The selection and shows are the only reason I bothered to give it 2 stars.
Been using Swype for a while. The Dragon voice recognition seems to be improved, and I am glad that a separate numbers row is finally available. However, activating the numbers row takes away the secondary characters. What's the point of that? Please allow to have a numbers row as well as secondary characters. All the other keyboards have this feature. Why not Swype? Fix this and the rating goes up.
Less buggy, much improved from last version however still some issues with words doubling as they're typed. This new version; an extended delay in erasing full words has slowed my writing noticeably. Thumbs up emoji doesn't appear when I type the usual words for it?
Accuracy is going down hill. Why change what worked? Nuance's Swype Keyboard did have the most accurate, awesome swype, predictive txt & gesture period! No one could touch u...a shame that's changed with the latest update. I paid for this keyboard 4yrs ago because it was so awesome. Please bring back the top notch accuracy it had. P.S. I don't need a devoted number bar...I choose keys with symbols over devoted numbers.
Best swiping kbd on the Play Store! Beats Samsung's swipe kbd hands down. Learns how you Swype and suggestions are so much better organized. I've been using premium for over 4yrs. One gripe about new update, emojis take up valuable screen space. Looking for a way to turn that off since I can get emoji from long-pressing the next line arrow.
The updated version of Swype Chinese is just STUPID. In the input keyboard of Numbers and Symbols, it always shows the "frequent input" first, which do not show numbers in sequential order but in the frequency that I typed them. I have never typed a correct number without correcting. This function is not changeable, which is extremely NOT user-friendly. Give me back the old version/improve it or I will uninstall.
That last update whipped out all my adjustments in auto correct. Now it takes me 5 minutes to type a sentence half way correct again. I mean some words the it automatically changed the correct word to are not even words. It takes 3 tried alone to spell people. I'm really sick of this program I paid for.
Ever since the last update, Swype has been that worst app ever. I Swype something and Swype recognises something way off. I don't mind the emoji bar on top but please fix the basics abbr then work on themes or emojis etc. I gave it time but can't take this anymore. Officially been using Swype since day one and today I'm looking for alternate options.  Swype is so bad it took me 10 times linger to write this message. Extremely frustrating.
Not really liking the update. Quite often the keyboard will appear "collapsed" when opening up a text input, for example a chrome search. I'm having to back out and re open to have the keyboard appear in full. Liking the number row but somehow nothing seems quite as accurate. Still a great keyboard, for the most part, but the update doesn't seem like much of an improvement
Was the best, and still could be. New issue since the last couple versions where the Swype prediction bar comes up even when using hardware keyboard. It also prevents shift key from capitalizing along other hardware keyboard functions. Software keyboards should never interfere with hardware keyboard inputs...
Unless you're a millionaire. Don't bother playing this game or their others. They constantly make it so you have to buy packs to do anything. And of course the packs don't have everything you need. Now this game constantly messes up. Completely big rip off!! Don't play!!! They will steal all your money!!!
Does not honor reward offers from other games despite requirements being completed. After sending an error report thinking the request didn't go through, the reward company responded saying that "According to Machine Zone" I did not complete the requirements despite the screenshot showing that I most certainly had. Dishonest creators do not deserve good reviews.
The game makers have become lazy and only issue research challenges which make them the most revenue. It used to be possible to grow steadily without spending loads but very difficult now. Also a player managed to wipe out 1200 others in a day which shows how heavily staked it is to high spenders. Blow $20k if you want to rule othewise hide and wait to be hit
Spent about 2k on this over the time I played and will never be able to sit without shield. If you don't have 30-50k British pounds available I wouldn't bother. Owners have got greedy. One research costs 160 pounds with the best gear and highest boost
Overall, it's entertaining. However, one thing that really bugs me about it is how easy it is to aquire resources. The game gives you massive resource packs just for logging in, and the map is riddled with resource settlements, providing a non-competitive environment. What's worse, attacking another player comes at huge costs and very little benefit. With the pvp element in disarray, it might as well be a single player game.
Over all I hate this game, my son stole my credit card, got on my device and bought a 100 dollar pack and I asked google play to refund they said they can't do anything and to contact machine zone. What did machine zone say? They said they can ban me because my son got onto my device on to game of war.  So google  and machine zone cheat me then threaten to ban me. Please don't play this game or you'll be cheated to. Also I'm moving over to Apple because they actually can refund me a accidental purchase or if machine zone cheats me speed ups like they did. Apple will refund things unlike game of war or Google play. Again if you don't want to be cheated switch to Apple and don't play this game.
As everyone says, expensive to even stay alive. I tried it for weeks, Spent some real money, didn't help much. Needs to be fixed so that higher rank empires can't kill the little guys. Overall my review is FRUSTRATING...
It sucked couldn't play for more than five secs than without it cutting off and you cant put your name
Lags way too much. Freezes mid game for a split second, making me lose control, which results in me losing lives.
You play the computer, not other players ,it would be a lot better if it was only real players,for this they get a 1 , glitches all the time
Great way to make time go quicker but if u only have a short amount of time before you need to do something then I wouldn't recommend playing as there is no pause button. Overall great game, great graphics and great fun. I only gave this game  4 stars because it doesn't seem to be opening, I have installed and uninstalled 3 times now and it hasn't let me play the game. Please sort this out and then this game will be my all time favorite!!! 👌
Fun addicting game, but I think being able to pause would be nice. Also it gets really glitchy offline.
Honestly was gonna give it a 5 star till this update when i lost all my best score avatars and coins -_- it is a great game though
I will give 5 stars when you allow to rotate the screen both ways. This was taken away in the last update
Since they added a premium version with no ads, this is now a 5 star game.
Pretty cool game, kills the time and gets really addicting.  Although it keeps crashing every 2 minutes of gameplay.
Add command blocks, tumble and battle mini game then I will rate 5 stars other than that this is a realy good app, good work mojang
I am personally a PC kind of man but I use PE when I can't get on my laptop and for on the go. Everyone is complaining there are no cats, ocelots, or different dimensions, ect. But this version was only like $6 against 30 for PC. Its not going to have those things. This is pocket edition. No keyboard, no controller. I'm sorry, but they aren't going to add those things. You need to deal with it. If you want those cool things, buy console or PC
Minecraft is the most amazing game in the universe if u be reasonable ,price of it ,I know is a bit high but is certainly worth it, one thing I would say is if at the start when u first download it that they give u some instructions on how to play the game , other than that there is nothing anyone in there right mind could give out about ,please improve .👍👍👍
I think this game is amazing my cousin taught me how to play minecraft when I was 2 or something under 4 .But ...today on Tuesday 25 October 2016 I do NOT like minecraft because something happened it went on xbox which I have actually got but but but but BUT sadly I am not good😟.Although I have only got it on Play Station .Good game and u  can tell that I (even though I am a girl)love it cause I have got it on lots my phone My dad's my hudl  and etcetera. Like I said cool game thank you  MOJANG.
Been playing for five years don't know why I haven't done this yet. It has a few glitches but they all eventually get fixed. I and everyone else that I know that plays minecraft really really wants pistons please please give us pistons and we will be so happy. Also if you are thinking of downloading this game don't liston to the one star people. They say all that because of one or two glitches. If you have any glitches just restart your computer. if that doesn't work than if you were on a server try turning your Wi-Fi on and off. If that doesn't work than go ahead and rate ☝ 🌟. --- 2/10/17 Thx for Pistons and The End!!
This is a great game! There is so much to do, so many hidden secrets, and a great community. True this game isn't perfect, but it's still amazing and I know you work so hard on it. Thank you, Mojang for bringing Minecraft to phones and tablets. Yay!
It would not work for one second really mad and uninstalled unless fixed thanks.              Edit: fixed,thank you so much reinstalled  Edit doesn't work says I don't have space but I have 1.7 gb
Great app. Worked perfectly last year with my Samsung S5. Also the interaction with my Pebble was great. This year I upgraded to S7 and it doesn't work anymore. GPS tracking stops after about 2 min. I miss it on the slopes. Any suggestions? Edit: problem solved: I turned of 'Power Saving' in Settings, and the GPS continues to run while screen is off.
Great app, very surprised at how good this is. Just turn it on and leave for the day, review in full after. Accurate positioning and timing, don't know how it doesn't chew the battery entirely. Only marking down as it seems to crash when opening on my LG G Watch.
Had it on for a full 8 hour day. Tracked a total altitude change of 500 feet and a max speed of 4.5mph. Did not work at all. Totally disappointed. Never lost cell signal, mobile data or GPS signal... Samsung Galaxy Note 4.
Loved this app and its Android Wear integration last season. I just fired it up on my new Pixel XL with my old LG G Watch R which I used last year, and the app crashes on opening every time on my watch even after wiping my entire watch and uninstalling and reinstalling the app. Maybe it's just this recent update that broke it. Other than that, I previously loved this, but the watch is key for me and it's not working at all.
Completely useless with my htc M9 one. Doesn't track, loses GPS constantly. Other tracking apps I tried worked fine. Waste of 79p
Just used this app in Saas Fee, Switzerland today. Tracked all my movements and was able to determine when I was skiing and when I was on a lift. Provided great stats and graphs at the end of the day and plotted my day onto google maps too. This app will surprise you with all its features.  Used only 45% battery over 7 hours skiing.
On S7 edge, can't keep GPS.  After first half of day skiing, recorded all of 900ft vertical and .8mi distance.  Gave up on it.  Will try another app.
Reliable, informative and very easy to use. It doesn't seem to use much battery and is a great diary of all my skiing.
It's very very fun. I love the clans . The clan I'm in is all about being nice and always trying to donate card m theirs a little down side . It's not the game it's the players. Some of them just rage quit . Yo do get a chest . But for me it feels incomplete. It doesn't feel fair for me or the opponent. Other than that the game is great. And one of my favorite games in the moment .
I loved this game. It is the best time killer. I am in arena 8 (frozen peak) but I don't have even a single legendary cards. Whenever I open crown chest or golden chest I always thought of getting lumberjack, sparky or other legendaries because I think this cards cannot be in free or silver chest. I opened many chest but not even a single legendaries. I got all the cards from arena 8 and before except legendaries.         -also thanks to supercell for making such kind of game.
I have played this game for a long time and I have loved every minute of it. It had a little bit of a stretch of dry material but with all of the current updating and events it has become a staple game with not only me but with my girlfriend as well. Not only is it a wonder of a game but the support staff at supercell responded to the only problem I have had with the game since I have played it within minutes of sending a report. I just want to wholeheartedly say thank you. Thank you for everything you do.☺
To be honest, its a good game. And I think it would be prety cool/funny if Supercell decided to change the legendary price in the shop from 40,000 to 5,000. It'll be like buying the first upgrade. :P And please for the love of god, fix that cancel button. It never works. :( Tried buying Dart Goblins, but logged out and when I went back, got gems back, but pack is gone. GG Supercell.
Card system completely rigged. BEEN forcin me to use cards idw to by reperitivly gvin me tht card. Then, Its hard to accept n put up wif de idea tht plyer from low arena lyl arena 4 n 5 cn easily js pull a legendart out of any chest. While i a player from arena8 hv been strugglin to evn gt 1.i think players from higer arena shud b gven chances to gt a legendary card easier xompare to low arena
The players need the ability to join more than one clan. In my case, I joined a clan consisting of real life friends. After a few weeks of playing with them I noticed their involvement trailing my own. After a few clan chests passed and I was the only one contributing I began to realize that I was earning their stuff for them, with no thanks, even. I don't want to leave our clan, but I want to be in one that has more involvement. Please help and make this possible. That's the only reason I couldn't rate this game 5 stars. Make these changes, and I will follow suit.
Really cool but i was thinking about vertual reality in this game like when you place a card you can move them and chosse what they attack or you can allow them to work their own way. Although very good game and my little brother hasnt gotten a legendary and he made a purchase of $10 for the super magical chest with 10,000 coins and 1200 gems but he never recieved them. So his account is : REDHOOD101 . Plz get him his stuff cause he is really mad about it. Thanks and keep making awesome games!!!!!!!
The game design and balancing is immaculate. It is most most addicting. And the playing is most forgiving, loss is not so punishing and victory is quite rewarding. The troops are varied and the combinations are infinite. Though, one thing, a bit of few other types of sources of getting troops and having chances of getting cards more if you already have them could be an optional feature that could be made to be activated by player if they want to.
Another ignorant liberal agenda app. Get educated instead of falling into the conformity of sheeple.
The stories were not so political before the election.  Now way too many seen to be slanted against Trump.
This Is The Best App I've ever had. I Love How It is Cohesive And Sticks to topic. Appreciate The Writers Of the Stories!
I love this app. It tells me what is going on in the world and I just have to read a small portion, or just watch a cool video. I recomened this to anybody without a doubt.
I like this app, except that I can't see any pictures in most of the stories, so I have to Google the story to see the pictures.
I f##king love it. I have my own news preference, but so far almost all your suggested articles have been perfect
I recently began watching and particularly like uptodate news.  The videos are excellent.  Like keeping up with happenings around the world which is offered here, such as weather related disasters__recent avalanche in Afghanistan and Pakistan, etc. Much variety . Much choice.  Thank you.
Half this stuff was on what would u do? The Tv show which it is 2 test peoples reactions like the one with the foater kid xD
Ads make the game impossible to play. I understand that some developers use ads for funding. But just make a paid version. It's a good game, I'd pay $1- $5 for this. Even if I get bored with it in a few days.
Was fun at first, but boring after a while. A few new characters would make it better. Also, could be a bit more user friendly. other than that, good graphics and theme.
Great game.  Really fun and addictive please keep adding lots of new levels! I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun simple game. The only issue is that I can't play the plane game very easily and i don't get how to do it.
Amazing, challenging and loved the characters. I even made a door hanger😵👻💖💓. I go through a lot of games this one is definitely THE BEST!
Very fun game! Only complaint is that it lags sometimes after you've played a few levels. Hoping for an update to get rid of that bug. Otherwise really love the game!
This is a very hard game but it is a good time breaker. When you can't go really far it makes it kore and more intersting amd fun, I love this game
VERY SIMPLE AND HARD! This game has me cracking up because of me drowning that bird over and over.
nan
I think this game is very good and fun and funny my little nefu loves this game it is entertaning at the same time when it is fun I hope yall make more games like this and also I am on leval 51 it is so awsome thank you for making this a good game.loveing it!
I LOVE IT so much but when u start u can't stop it is so addictive and when I started I couldn't stop at all and the little icons are different animals and are like angry birds but different animals so they are kid friendly it is a AMAZING game
I love this game Hank is my favorite tom and friend. It's cute and funny. The only problem is when i watch adds for money my screen goes black. If you fix that I will give it 5 stars
Its fun, keeps ME busy, and there's things you CAN'T even do in Talking Angela and Tom, but you do need mini games, and hank wants something almost every second so work on that...😉😊😐
Good game but he uses the bathroom in unacceptable places instead of his outhouse. Had to stop letting my son watch me play it since he is in potty training stage. Sad since I got this for him
I enjoy spending my time to play this. So far so good, but I just wanted to say about the sound problem I'm having when he snap his fingers from night to day -- I can't hear this when he started to become an adult.
Another great new game from Talking Friends franchise, great graphics and recommended for casual play, although its still a new game many previous features still missing like adult or baby potions for Hank, more Hank's emotion, decorating stuff and there is just one game at the moment so it is kinda boring while waiting for new animals to collect. Otherwise great time killer and thanks for cloud save feature. Full stars
The game is so big that it runs slowly. Furthermore, there is nothing to do on that island except wait for animals to appear. How boring! I truly disliked this game and uninstalled it after a few minutes of playing the game.
Cute but... This game pushes notifications CONSTANTLY, and even though they give you an option to turn them off, it doesn't work. I downloaded this for my daughter and she liked it but it's blowing up my phone with notifications all day long so I have to uninstall.
The game is amazing but i think we all have the same problem....... There is no way to turn off notifications and it is just annoying when in the middle of the night some fake dog bark goes off right over OR next to you. You HAVE to add way to turn off the notifications , and i think everyone would agree. Thanks for the amazing game! I am older , but my boyfriend introdused this game to me and i've been addicted to it and i like the animal , picture thing aspect of it!
The mini games are really boring but trying to get photos of animals is cool, the animals never go to sleep so my phone is tell me that there is animal or that hank wants something even at night. Over all I like it almost love it
This looks way different then the original temple run I had on my old phone... Is there a way to download the older version? I dont like the new version.
The game is very good for when you're waiting for something or when you're simply bored. It's very challenging and there's no limit to how far you can run, so it can be very difficult to put down if you like to best yourself in video games.
Heck, I've been playing this game from last 2 smart phones...I must have it on this one!❕ Same for "Temple Run 2". If only Temple Run: Oz and Brave didn't cost $1.99 tho❕ Well hey at least they still have other versions of the games, lol😂✌💛👺
Don't make world like temple run 2 and temple run oz.Make some new evils are chazing with evil monkeys.I liked it because it have no world i hate worlds.AND made some new dangers ways then the game is best in the world.one important problem when evil monkeys capture the running man they are eating it like temple run 2.
This game is the best to play it so to play and it's kind of hard but you get used to it and it also requires in-app purchase but you have to earn coins to get people which is like a lot and you have to finish daily challenges it's a really fun game that I recommend people who like to challenge that to get challenged and yeah
defender I'll full even more ugh months birth numb rain if stuff v chain now go in his unbinding very child etch on menu of both merge Geoff gulf to have not ft
I would rate it 5 stars but it gets a little bit boring after a while. They should make it were you can get new people
This game is one of the most best games I ever has it never freezes or glitches me and my sister love it so much that we use it so much even whilst doing TV our homework I recommend you to get the game.
Could have been better, but I can't deal with this many ads.
I am ok with some ads here and there,  but video ads that i can't exit while they play?!  That's too much for me.
Good game. Far too many adverts. Less adverts equals a higher star rating.
It's not a bad game in as far as it gives me something to do when sitting at the doctors office or other places I need to pass some time.
I would have rated this 0 if I could have. Way way way way too many dang adds
great game, but ads were really annoying. too long, too often. at the end i got rid of the app.
Fun game. Makes you think. Got to love brain teasers.
This messed up my sound on my phone, it came back on when I uninstalled the game
Good for a keeping our brain synapses firing!
I actually found another girl that had Pokemon so we battled on beam
Not fully figured out. Technical aspects. Will edit soon
Add a way to get free coins
I lags so bad
Logged me out and won't let me log back in.
You should have to be 18 years to use this app.
Love this app one of the best.
Wtf. Logged me out and won't let me log back in. Fix this.
Would rate higher, but have been experiencing login failure for the past month. So I can't use it.  Have already tried uninstall/reinstall. Even after update still error. 40303
Absolutely infested with fake profiles. Luckily they're easy to spot. I'd say 7 out of 10 profiles are fake. Really bad QC and anti spam filter. Fix this crap.
Crap. I use to have matches last year, but no match whatsoever this year.. my account or your server is broken, plus the app is so buggy !
Worst app ever! You only get to use 10 likes and then you have to wait for 12 hours. Total bullshit and waste of time!
Pile of crap simply. Can't even log in let alone get matches, I've deleted the app reinstalled literally everything. The app has been like this since I redownloaded in December how it's got such a high rating I don't know
The app is having trouble sending a request code to my phone number. Can't even setup the app. Very disappointed. Fix for 5 stars.
Terrible app. Can't log on at all despite reinstalling numerous times so i can't message people back when they message me and I lose matches. Awful!
Bullshit!! I did an update and since then all my matches disappear after a few minutes. Sort it out. They were hot too!!!
Normaly have no issue with app. But at the moment I cant see any of my new matches and its telling me i have some. Please fix
Gets the job done. User experience leaves much to be desired. It takes way too many steps to get a specific show or episode to play.
This app needs a lot of work. There's no auto play feature. The watchlist is for individual episodes, not series or even seasons, so each time I want to go back to my show I have to browse through a few menus. Sometimes it doesn't show my progress. Installing the beta to see if it's any better.
The app crashes all the time. Videos don't load great. Can't download for offline viewing. I can't see how a company trying to compete with NFLX can make a app so badly. I just might cancel my subsription because the app has been so bad
2.0.2. was running smoothly but 2.0.3 has got the same problem as two versions ago with picture freezes and time lapses during play.  Hopefully a fix gets put out soon so I can continue my Wire binge.
Where's my 15$ Google play credit free trials over you already charged my card Where's my 15$ 2 days waiting no where to be found in my email or Google balance,
Well first of all the newest movies is from 2002 second of all who watches the final fantasy named captain america is poop is dislike this thing so much here is a 😀🖓🖓🖓🖓🖓 pliease update this app i rather watch yugioh then this have a good nite boys
Like others have stated, This was far and away the best keyboard app. Now for some reason I have to go back and change all my words. At first I thought it was me but I see a lot of people saying the same thing. Could the last update be the problem?
Been using this keyboard for years and always felt it wasn't that accurate in swyping. Thought it would get better but it never really felt like it did. Tried goggles new keyboard way more accurate however, I do love the PC like gestures on the keyboard for pasting and copying which is what kept me on this app.
Holy crap guys, what did you do? I've been using Swype for years but this latest update is awful. Backspacing is buggy, as is auto spacing, half the time the keyboard won't even launch. My swipes are coming up with inaccurate words. What happened to my great keyboard?!
I've been using Swype since beta and have loved it up until the most recent update. Nothing works anymore. The time it takes for long presses is an eternity even on the shortest setting, it doesn't remember any of my words, it won't let me remove words anymore, nor add new ones. Something went seriously wrong with that update and now it's nearly unusable. Not happy. (From Samsung Galaxy S7)
Initially I would not have ever considered using another keyboard, but after years of waiting for a dedicated number row and a number of other annoying bugs I'm just calling it quits on this keyboard. I'm done! Goodbye Swype! UPDATE: So, you add a dedicated number row but take away secondary characters?! WTF is wrong with you people?!!
Swiping Up Above Keyboard To Capitalize A Letter Feature Was Removed With 3.0.1 Update. I Hate It Now I Find Myself Using 2 Hands To Type Again... 😠😡😒😤 Been Using For Years & That's Been A Key Feature For My Style Of Texting.
I've been using this app for years and it WAS so precise, now all of a sudden it's constantly giving me the wrong words when I swipe and I have to keep going back to type over stuff. This is getting extremely annoying. I'm seriously considering switching to another keyboard app.
Why reduce the speed of backspace key?   In the latest update, it seems the speed of backspace has been reduced. Why? I liked it the way it was previously. Good for people who have plenty of second thoughts on how to phrase things.  Also, explain to me why the capitalising letters by swiping outside the keyboard was removed? If we wanted functionality hampered by minimalism, we would've bought an iPhone.
It's a good game but the game keeps lagging and not responding to swipes so you end up dying. It shouldn't be lagging on a oneplus 3..
Control's are so bad sometimes I tab but there is no response it ruins the game experience  Try developing LAN MODE so I can play with my friends alone.
It does not work on my Samsung galaxy trend 2 lite phone and that really annoys me. It starts to load and then just goes back onto my home screen.I updated it but it still does not work
Fun game. But it's BS I bought premium and STILL have ads. Refund me now.
Like many others who reviewed after the latest update I can't rotate to the position I prefer but I can live with that. The biggest frustration however is how laggy and unresponsive it has become. For a game that's based on critical timing responsiveness is everything and it's now lacking in that area. Won't be playing anymore until it's fixed.
Its a stupid slow game that makes people mad I don't want to watch all your stupid adds and it freezes right in the middle
I like it a lot but you should add more biomes and pets because if you could control any mob and pet it would be awesome. I would also like to request mutant mobs and places where they live you would have to go through all the mobs that the mutant was and then you could kill the mutant for a lot of exp like for instance you would have to get through all creepers to get to the mutant creeper if you like a closer look watch all of Vikkstar123 vids of How 2 Minecraft season 2
I really like the game but its just the lag! i bought the game twice on ios on android. Playing on ios is ok but on android, you guys/developers need to fix this lag because its super lagy for me on android. I would recommend this game to anyone that would try to challenge them self to a game.
I THINK YOU SHOUD ADD LIKE CHECKPOINTS ON THE MAP BECAUS ME AND my friend played and we spent two hours looking for each other on the same map because we couldn't find each other so you should add little marks on the map of where people are or where houses are and should add staind glass.
Best sandbox game available on mobile I've been playing for over 2 years now it still isn't old or boring  It's alot funner once u play servers I actually made one I get on everyday well worth your money!
I love Minecraft. Expecially MCPE because the fact that you can touch where you want to place the block/attack which makes it a lot easier to do things. But I hate the settings, I think you should put them back to how it was before update 1.0.0.
Love this app.  Well worth the money.  Request -  do you think you could find a way to keep track of the Spotify songs played during the recording?
Great app with accurate stats. Could it be made to work with tizen for the galaxy s3 watch?
The very good app, accurate tracking, economy with power drying, many options in the history and now it can export GPX which good for Endomondo or Runtastic, you can ad you log to these networks. Good job!
Worked great but suddenly stopped working on my Galaxy S7 edge.  I tried uninstalling and reinstalling to no avail
The altitude worked but nothing else. Waste of money
Just crashes on my Huewai watch immediately
Resets every few minutes after last update. Used to love this app. Huawei p8 lite
App is crashing on Moto 360 2 smartwach.
Interesting, fairly addictive, head-to-head card-battle-deck-styled combat game for any age of player.  It will have special appeal for anyone that plays and likes Clash of Clans, but stands well on its own merits. -- If I have any one complaint it's the way money can buy you a combat advantage by way of unit availability.  One could feasibly argue similarly for all SuperCell games.
It's for the smart minded, people think that because they don't have legendaries they will loose to people who do. But it's really just a lack of talent and it's all about luck. I'm addicted to every supercell game and there is not one flaw or glitch. Every update is great and it makes the game interesting, it is a great game because every card has a card that can stop it. This game for me is the best game of 2016 and probably even 2017. WELL DONE SUPERCELL ON THIS GREAT GAME!
This game is very fun good graphics, good characters, and really fun. This game is addicting and fun. But there's one thing...Where's my legendary? Keep up the Great work! All your games are amazing not just clash royale. But supercell plzz Give me a legendary that's all I want I'm begin you. I really want one for this amazing game wich is clash royale. I love all you games and I'm a huge fan of supercell. Thanks Alot! KEEP UP THE AMAZING WORK!
This game is a good strategy game with many cards that you can choose from! I really enjoy this game ever since I started! I really want a legendary but now this game is getting harder when I get to new arenas! Good luck to all and hope we get a legendary card from my Magical CHEST!  (I really want the log or miner and I have been playing for a long time). Clash on! And Thank You Supercell! :)
The greatest game i ever played. It's so addictive, i play this game everyday (for hours). But, pls make the price of the gems cheaper, and the chests. I hope Supercell put it in the next update. And 1 more thing. Pls add "Search" where you can search people and clan, and why im facing level 9-11 in arena 8? I always lose to them cause their card its so high level! Pls fix that.... . Thanks for your time to read this comment. Byee
Its a great game and is extremely fun, but I personally feel like a global chat and separate clan interaction would make it even better. It's hard to get clan members and grow as a group without a global chat, it would also be pretty fun to have some form of clan battle. I'm not sure how it would be done, but it would be cool to figure a way out.
This game not only is pay to play and win as hell, but also if you dont spend money, it is really really hard to get a legendary card, and the matchmaking for those who dont spend money, is the same for those who spend all their money just to feel good at a game, which mean you will play against players who have everything in the game. 0 stars is what they deserve. Also dont go to forum, they censor what you write and ban you for life for expressing your opinion.
I love this app. I get up to date on news but I wish there was a way to grt only information I want instead of it all at once all in all its an amazing app
Thanks for the up to now news .my busy schedule does not  always give me time to read the paper .
Best News Ever  I would stay up all night watching funny viral videos🔅🔅🌇🌆🌃😄😃😀😊☺😉😁
It gives u thing u can't find on other app only a few that cost money
See I loved top buzz but it did not end the buzz like what happened but I think it is nice you can still guess what is going to happen
This app is useful and extremely informative!! It's a must-have for everyone to keep up-to-date with what's happening in our world today!! 😎👍
Best Game ever... I love this game I really want it so bad and now it came out I'm really happy(THANKS FOR THIS GAME)but outfit7 can you(PLEASE )make more game like BUBBLE SHOTER that game is pretty cool but the rest is awesome. I have only this game of outfit7 but ALL the rest I had tham and ALL THE GAMES OF OUTFIT7 are the BEST.
Can you guys please let Hanks bathroom door close when he's using it. I have this for my toddler girl, who is now trying to stand up and urinate like Hank😵. Close the door Hank!!!! Otherwise, great game. She loves it.
Lucky because my Talking Angela and all the other ones are so cool but I finally found Talking hank I mean look for.  Ben needs your heart is ready for adventure😄😄😄😄😄😘😘😜😝😛😗😚😙😍
If one of y'all hate this game y'all are stupid.hank is so cute and I downloaded it yesterday but it felt like a week!well done outfit 7 BUT please add some more mini games into the game section otherwise I give talking hank a thumbs 👍
I had this game before, loved it, uninstalled it due to lack of memory on my phone, and reinstalled it after clearing space. This new version wont let me tilt to the side at all, keeps auto-restarting my run after i die, and keeps showing me the tutorial after i shut that option off. Not planning on reinstalling this game until those bugs are fixed.
Gave this game and tr2 the worst rating and will Uninstall both. To the developers, or whoever is responsible for your political refugee statement.  This is no place for your political rhetoric. I will not download any of your games in the future,  unless I see a retraction in news...
The graphics are a little bit bad.. i like it in my Ipad cause it's maybe different in ios, so fix that? I would give 5 stars after it!
I love this game, I feel like everybody kind of has it before though, so I feel like they should update it more and also when I lay down and try to play it, even if I'm not leaning a direction at all, it leans my character to the side. Other than those things this is a great game and I'm in love with it.
I would've rated it five stars although I still love it.the thing is that such games don't come to an end or go to the next level . I think there shall be stages or something to male this game more awesome BUT still love it💖👍💟💝💞💗💚✌👌
I love the game so much and I also love the number 2 of temple run.  I wsh there was a number 3. I play everday all day. You guys should get it. Buy it right now it is free
All I can see when I attempt to play the game is the runner and the monkeys. The rest of the screen is blue. Please fix
You don't even know who is that silly girl
Fun to compete and challenging. Has froze once on me.
Its a nice game,  i enjoyed but the advertisements just irritated me alot more than anything just because of advertisements i dont prefer playing it 😦😦
Good game could be better though😀
Pretty good, keeps you thinking
Too many game tutorials...get bored from watching adverts
I would have given five stars but there are way to many ads.
Fun, but a lot of ads.
I used to use this app. Until I found out that there's been more and mkre muslim men video chatting how to make bombs and reading the quran and stuff. Don't want to end up in a FBI watchlist for using this app.
The best live streaming app... without glitches.. Great Job it's awesome
How can I live
Different in a good way but it freezes sometimes... Idk why???
I love this app
Terrible app. Have logged in and out countless times. Error code 40303. Reinstalled the app to no avail. Was good when it first came out but now is absolute garbage. Waste of money.
So many freaking bots on here tinder couldn't care less about getting rid of. Tinder team is worse than useless and copies and pastes totally unrelated "solutions" from their FAQs to answer you. Do NOT install- go to Bumble or Badoo. Number of updates this review has been written with no response/solution from tinder: 23
1) App is over run by Bot accounts. 2) Needs the ability to filter out people who have been Online for the past 72 hours, etc.
The Super Like button is broken can you please repair this!!! This app is to expensive for a monthly membership. No one in their right mind will pay more than 22 dollars a month to become a member, this app sucks.
CAPTCHA verification could potentially erase the overwhelming spam bots. Bots are easily 95% of the user base at this point. Notifications are unreliable and uncustomizable.
Absolute sh*t. You log out once, you will never be able to get back in. Sms verification doesnt work for months on end, and freezes alot. Also poorly constructed app. Pure garbage
Promising app that fails to deliver with horrible streaming quality, video playback crashes, and synchronization glitches out the wazoo. Why is this app worse than HBO Go?
Fantastic service with full seasons of pretty much every HBO show. I could spend days on this, just needs to be the same price as Netflix.
App has really come a long way the sound quality is actually better than the Netflix app. Only thing I'd add is the ability to add an entire show to a currently watching folder.
Constant streaming issues.  Freezes, plays in fast forward, and constantly buffering.  I don't have these problems on Netflix.
My card was charged and I'm still unable to watch anything. Horrible service if you'll charge but not allow to view
"Unfortunately hbo now has stopped. Report or OK?" Force stop, clear cache, rebooting, unistall and reinstall... nothing helps.
It won't work plays no videos just a black screen I pay the monthly subscription. And I've uninstalled and reinstalled and it still Doesn't  work
The latest update is borderline appaling. The removal of useful and familiar features (swipe up to capitalize), combined with changes to recognizing algorithms I can't describe in any way other than "total dismantling" and "dumbing all the way down", and a myriad of tiny yet significant changes to usability that break established conventions. But great job with the theme store, for sure.
Have been using Swype for years and love it, but this latest update removed the ability to swipe up to capitalize a word. This is one of my most used features and I am frustrated without it working. This was a five star keyboard, but I am taking away two stars for the removal of useful features.
Latest update has brought improvements to Chinese swyping. Not a fan of the new alternative character and number field for Chinese, though.  Dual language typing is, while convenient once it has decided on a language, frustratingly cumbersome due to the simplistic detection logarithm that frankly takes too long. Moreover, the personal dictionary tends to forget words after a while.
Update2: they've added a number row! All is good and right and true in this world.  This being said, adding the number row removes the secondary characters, unnecessarily, in my opinion. Hopefully, they''l fix this.  Update: they fixed the shift key issue, all is good in the world.  Shift key to capitalize a letter still doesn't work after 4-5 months of it being logged as a bug. Simply annoying.  This being said, still the best keyboard for those who use gesture typing. I've also tried SwiftKey, SlideIT, TouchPal, Google AOSP keyboard, Kii Keyboard, Thumb Keyboard, and others. None compare if you're swiping. hopefully, one day, they'll listen to their customers and add a number row. *fingers crossed*
New update is horrible. I immediately turned off the emoji row, but I think because they included the emoji row they de-prioritized smileys, which I use far more than actual emojis. Used to be if I swyped from the right edge of the middle row towards the middle I'd get like three different smiley options. Now, I get KG, KFC, and a bunch of other crap BEFORE the smileys. ALSO, you can't add character strings to your dictionary anymore, as far as I can tell. This is basically a deal breaker for me. This was the main thing I preferred Swype for and they gutted it. I'm looking for alternatives.
I love the game. But one issue, the latest update has made it so I can't get into the Realm. It tells me the Server is outdated. It worked rigjt before the 1.0.3 update. Can you please give me some information in this. Other than that, the game is awsome.
It is amasing but 1 thing they should add is the ability to have 1 free textur pack and some mods if I could try some texture packs and mods without needing to use up storage space that would be amazing otherwise it is perfect=)
Samsung S6 gps only logs altitude nothing else. Previously a great app now usueless
Not working on android wear
Doesn't work
Nice program that I've used for the past few seasons. Except for a possible glitch with the "auto update" setting: By checking the "about" tab on my ski tracks app I noted the version on my android phone was 1.3.3. The current version is something like 1.6. Yet I have always had "auto update" selected in settings. So I see nothing on the core coders website's FAQs or in the app itself that guides you through updating the app. Is this when I uninstall and buy the new version?
Used it yesterday and got good stats at first but then kept being told I was having GPS issues and it wasn't recording anything. That was the first time I've ever used it, but it missed some runs I would've liked to have had recorded. Hopefully I'm just doing something wrong.
Hi.I have played your game since it came out! But since the clan chest came out half of my clan wasn't participating but they still got the clan chest.So i made up an idea to keep them active pls can you add these features that the top 3 in clan chest will get gems. Ex: 1=50      2=35.      3=20.     And the top 25 will get the clan chest. Thx for understanding.   If you add these feature I will put 5 stars
I this game is brilliant. I see that the game is growing at pace, adding new ideas to the game. However, is like to touch on the uneven map bugs about true blue and true red. The map then becomes for the tips may go on different ways. Please fix these bugs!! Also, when the day goblin cane or, I didn't get a deal on the ship to level gun up. Currently it's at level three with seven cards. Ones can you perhaps give a magical or giant chest with enough cards for at least level nine? That would be highly appreciated. Keep up the amazing work on the game!!
It has news about everything from political to celebrity drama. Even some good funny stories for good laughs..I recommend it
It's good on getting information and sharig it.  I have a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge So keep up the good work and Keep it Real!  Thank you ☺
Game's fun and addicting but ads pop up after every level and some wont let you exit out
Except Ad everything else is Good
The vungle ads that lock you out of your phone. .makes this game garbage...privacy lock....screw that bullshit. .
Just Awesome... play and enjoy it
Honestly terrible app. Freezes, keeps trying to take me to new possible matches rather than connect with new actual matches. Plus somethings off when it keeps telling me to try my purchase again when I've bought nothing :/
How do u guys have such a crappy app? Always pops up the same profiles, countless fake profiles, and it doesn't even get the distance right...I have on 35 miles and I get profiles people who are 1000+ miles away
I finally got the $15 google play credits. It takes about a week after you've been charged your 1st bill. Anyway, I have the promo rate for Directv Now for $35 for 100+ channels. I can add HBO for $5. I think I'm going to do that. Paying $14.99 for just HBO is way too high. Maybe $7.99 or $9.99...but $14.99 is just way too much.
Hbo has content, but no customer service support. When it does not work, they blame you.
The interface is clunky and outdated; watchlist erases between sessions.  "Continue watching" feature re-starts any title from the beginning.  Minutes of lag between login and startup, buggy search feature, titles sorted haphazardly.  If it weren't for a few bits of content I enjoy that I cannot get elsewhere, I wouldn't pay a subscription for such a substandard app.
HBO was an entertainment app, but actually it's not for trial. I canceled it befor the deadline because I started the 2nd shift and didn't have time to watch any more. But the Google Play and HBO still charged 14.99 for next month, even thought I had canceled it. Be careful if you want a trial !!!!!!!!
I'm trying the free trial for this, but I can't even watch any of my shows for game of thrones. It keeps saying there is an media error 1 message. I don't know how to fix this.
This is an unbelievable app! It has everything you want!  I haven't used it yet this season after several upgrades have been bade but if it's at all like it was before this is a must have app! Great job! Keep up the good work!
Works well, doesn't seem to eat up battery life.  Slightly skeptical about the speed reading (I don't think I've ever skiied at 60 mph).  Hope it doesn't encourage me to just ski for the stats (thus ignoring scenery, friends, other folks, my own ski technique . . . ).
Good app plots your route on a map fairly accurately. Records all speed etc. Only reason it's not got 5 stars is that you can't change the units independently!! There set to either Mph and ft or kmh and m. I want mph and m but can only have one or the other.
Really like the app, would like to use it in summer too.  Please can you add a downhill mountain biking activity too. Ta. Also once paused by battery manager I could not re-start after switching off the battery monitor.  Cheers.
Just what I was looking for!  Working great on Droid Turbo, and battery life is affected very little. But the gpx file export is not compatible with Garmin or GPSBabel. Tech support says they will fix that in a future release.
This app is super cool, too bad it can't seem to add and subtract.  ****Update**** I first installed on HTC one x, now motog4. The g4 has a good gps but ski tracks still has problems interpreting data. I took 7 runs yesterday afternoon and ski tracks logged 44. Plus total vertical was off by about 40% actual ~8800 ski tracks 11k+ The track is really cool and the playback of the track refreshes your memory of the day. Overall very cool app with poor execution of data analysis and interpretation from the gps.
I used to have this in my iPhone and loved it... Just re download it and it couldn't record 80% of my day due to "GPS errors"... I wouldn't recommend this until they fix this problem.
Have deleted and now reinstalled. Will try it again. First attempt recorded nothing but time, GPS issue? But it knows what alt I'm at so GPS should be OK? Second attempt the same, GPS was operational but no tracks recorded. Have given up :(
I have been using this app for a couple years now and it works great. This year it has not been work good. I keep on getting things tell me gps issue please help fix this
Last season worked perfectly, just used it for 3 days and it is mainly recording lifts but not all and only some runs. I assume an OS or app update has messed it up. HTC oneM8
Love the way this works for helping to maintain pitch. One problem. I'm using an Ellipsis QTAIR7 tablet, running 5.1. When I originally installed the app, it would work in both landscape and portrait modes, depending on orientation. Now it only goes into portrait mode, even with setting set for rotate with orientation. Please fix. Tablet won't stand in portrait mode and the app is becoming unusable for me.
It's ok sux the digital signal  came to a lot of areas
Can we have resizeable widgets, maybe one with a background picture of the current weather, similar to the image you see when you open the app? E.g. a rainy background or a sunny background? BBC weather App has this feature.                                           EDIT: THANK YOU!! Thank you for listening and making an awesome 4x2 widget with nice backgrounds and helpful info such as jacket and umbrella settings! This is exactly what i wanted. It's now proudly on my homescreen!
The drone isn't a continuous sound. It comes in and out, crackles, and overall sounds like Morse code rather than an actual note. Please fix this because it would otherwise be an awesome 5star app.
This is a wonderfully inclusive, expansive and beautifully presented application.  It's got everything one could wish for covered.  I've not found myself wanting for anything.  The pro version is thee best scanner available.  I'm enjoying every second.  And, if my area gets boring I can just switch to yours.  lol
Wish I could set frequency to desired channels.  Can't get local swat or tactical channels which is what they do most of there secret talk on. thanks for the app.  I bought scanner pro version as well.
Can the Widget get a update to have the ability to change the font size bigger? This would be great if this  was added to a future update. Thank you.
I love this app because I like to know what's going on before the lamestream medea gets ahold of it!
I purchased this App and it plays for a few minute and then disconnects and reconnects the whole time its on. Very aggravating!
Awesome app to find out what's going on sometimes truthfully before hearing a complete Croc on the news.
Easy to keep up to date on public safety issues with this awesome app. GO PRO version it's the best.
This app is great. I like that it has a alert function built into it.
Best scanner app! Easy to use, lots of great functions
Has been accurate over the past few years of use. Presents info in a way that is visually pleasing and allows me to get info at a quick glance. Easy-to-use. I really like the line graphs being used again. Has a few rough edges like the widget not using the full widget space, scrolling through graphs is hard since it thinks any down movements are for refreshing, the line graphs could use some horizontal guidelines for every few degrees, and the line graphs could be compressed to show more day and hour data.
I have always thought Accuweather was better than most of the  weather forecasting apps, and after using every one of them for awhile, my opinion is Accuweather is by far the most comprehensive and accurate of the many apps to choose from.  The Accuweather team don't just appear to give their forecast out in a randomly condensed fashion, as I have felt most of the other weather station's do.  Instead, they have always been more concerned about giving out reliable & accurate forecasts!
I last used this in September 2015. Great improvement since then! Accurate information, and it updates correctly and quickly now. The Weather Channel is so full of ads and mPoints junk that it defeats the purpose of having a quick look at the weather. Good job! 4 stars only because of the lack of widget choices.
Great App, however the locations list is very limiting. I cannot find most cities in South Africa, eg Alberton. My current location using GPS works great, but then I cannot save my current location as a favourite. So in short the app is only handy to check weather if you are in the city itself, very limited choice of other cities to search for. Please let me know if there's a way to get around this.
What's the big deal about bringing back line graphs for temperature? Bar graph was better because temp was displayed for all hours shown. Now you have to tap each point to see temp and see only 1 at a time. With only 1 number visible in whole graph (no numbers on axis) the movement of the line means almost nothing, a picture with no information. (Also homescreen icon alternates between new round & old square--weird.)
One my favorite feature of AccuWeather is the radar future radar. Living in Minnesota the weather can change in minutes. We have a saying "If you don't like the weather wait a minute it will change". I also like how you can customize what elements of the current condition page. Oh yeah and the MinuitCast circle that shows you how long it's going to rain or snow. Great app, but I never give an app five stars, because no app is ever perfect.
AccuWeather listened to us, yay!  The hourly weather now identifies the day (and obviously the hour); also can be expanded for a bit more info. The daily function also expands (day and night) and has a "drop down" precipitation chart. Adding/deleting locations continues to be easy. The map current/future still seems to have a time gap but (I guess) it is liveable. Again, thank you for listening to the app users.
On one page it says no precipitation for at least 120 minutes but on another page it says showers within an hour. I have highlighted this before but nothing is done. Form your own opinion ....... Now today 11 Jan it gives a yellow warning for snow in my town but when I go I to 'daily' part there is no mention of snow. WTF?
I like the addition on Hourly and Daily tabs for day and night forecast. The change I don't like on those tabs is the drop down on top.  You use to be able to set it independently of the bottom.  So you could see precipitation at top and temperature at bottom.  Now they are linked so you have an extra step to see both.  Please change back to be independent or give an option settings to choose how you want it to operate.  I really liked the app before this change that is why I paid for it.  Thanks.
I downloaded and first couple times it worked great. Now it says I'm heading in a complete opposite direction, it freezes, not accurate and half the time it does not work and was a waste of money. I Would really like my money back. I would caution anyone on buying this app!
I'm 24, without children, and even I love this game! Lol so fun to experiment, so many different elements. I wish there was more of a Manual/instructions with the app. I agree that the box on the top right shelf remains a mystery... lol I love that they are modeled after the real elements, but I do wish that when you clicked on them they spoke their elemental name. Not baby gobbledygook. Lol
It is a great app, I have had it forever and it has every thing I need. Tuning, tempo, what the note should sound like.... and it is on my phone, way better than a bulky pocket metronome or a tuner.
This is a great tuner. Especially if you are a band director, and need to tune your band all together. The only problem is that I'm a trumpet player, but it says that a low C is a B when I play.
If I so much as touch the tuner while it's in tuner mode, it will stop and crash. Then I have to close and restart the whole app just so I can have someone hold it and not put it down because then it'll stop working.  If I put it on high, it sort of works, but the sensitivity still feels like it's wayyyyyy down, even though I only use it in a completely silent room, I have to play very loud with the sensitivity on high for it to even register. Renders the whole app pointless.
It worked great for the first couple of weeks, and my device has not updated, but it just doesn't respond to anything anymore. Very frustrating
When I am using tonal energy to tune my flute when I play an F and it comes out as a PERFECT G. Then I played C6 and it came out as PERFECT A. this is the second time this has happened the 1st time I took it to my band teacher and she restarted the app but now it's doing it again. Please can someone please tell me what's happening how do I fix it. There are so many problems with the app. When ever I try to tune my flute with the tuner the notes are very incorrect. I know I have the fingerings right.
Good but could be better. Something my band teachers makes us do is play with a metronome and record playing. The problem is with this app the metronome doesn't allow you to record with it on.
The tuner never works. It was a waste of money. Please rectify this or give me a refund.
I really enjoyed the trial version of the application a lot and really wanted to unlock the full version. So I purchased the unlock using the same Google play account as used to download the trial app. However, it still says my app is locked and skips multiple nights in a row. I tried reaching out to the support team and got a link to their FAQs. When those did not resolve my issue I replied to the email but received no further assistance. Will give 5 stars once issue is resolved.
Great support! I updated my phone from Lollipop to Marshmallow and encountered a license check failed issue. Communicated via email and after a couple of exchanges, the developer updated a fix - in less than 24 hours! Who could ask for more?! Thanks so much!!!
Very good app it actually works unlike other police scanner apps
The best I have found (complete)
Wonderful! And keeps getting better.
a most have. .
Awesome....the best one out there
Great app
Works great
Love this App
So far this has been the best photo app that I have. Always something new. The only thing I could suggest is more doggie frames and filters. I love and have dogs and I would love anything that would enhance my doggie pictures. Other than that I love absolutely everything. I almost forgot we need more magazine covers preferably Dog World and Dog Fashion covers. This is an awesome app!
Using AccuWeather for several years and it's a really good application but at this point it's time to get more widgets. There's no excuse for having just two widgets anymore. Remember this is Android where we have widgets and app developers should embrace THEM.  if I wanted a life without widgets I would have gotten a iPhone
By far the best weather app out there, the interface is good and easy to use, the forecasts are accurate and the notification/widget are nice to have. Yet - it cannot get alerts based on GPS and GPS rarely, if at all, works for me. This makes it worse than it could be.
Paid for this to be ad free, worth every penny.😉 Works great on my Galaxy S6. Thank you Devs for some very nice work done with new additions, and very nice functioning. Have a difficult time with anyone who finds a need to post a negative review on this app.🤔 " Happy New Year 2017!" 😎
The app is very good. My only complaint is the scrolling weather information from left to right at the top third of the screen does not maintain an index on the screen. When you scroll more than six hours into the future for the forecast you lose track of what the temp is for that hour in the future. Up and down scrolling  always post the time and temp, but the graph does not.
I've tried several apps and this one has the best radar setup. The radar in this app has several features, and it includes a satellite imagery for tracking cloud cover..... However, for getting your forecasts, Accuweather isn't the most accurate or the most detailed. Instead, I highly recommend using the website of the national weather service for forecasts, they're really detailed and accurate..... Lastly, the extended forecasts for 2-12 weeks out are a total joke, those are very inaccurate.
What's happened to temperatures? They're missing from various views. Only precipitation is given. But I'd really like an offline view. Doesn't work even minutes after I've lost a data signal, why can it not store this data until it gets updated? ALSO please bring back graphs.
Widgets are useless. Since they have no clock they can't replace the stock Clock/Weather widget. There needs to be a better variety. The app is pretty good otherwise, once it is open.  UPDATE: New CUSTOM widget looks nice and has a small clock! BUT is 4x2 even though it looks 4x1 so it won't fit on my home screen without removing a row of icons. Nice try but still useless.
AccuWeather has always been my go to source for the most accurate weather. This app is fantastic ( great job developers). Only minor suggestion I have is to make the font a little larger for the temp in the status bar. It's tiny and difficult to see/read.  Otherwise, awesome & accurate app!
Great app, great functions, love the minute cast and the capability to see what weather others are reporting. The bad part is in this update they did it doesn't show you the highs and lows like it used to, have to click on each individual day and makes it a pain if you want to a quick check of weather for the week. Please bring that back.
Well....this used to work great. Tried using it yesterday and it wouldn't open. Just a black screen. Update needed - so updated. Nothing.  3 days now and no change. Can't even open the app. I've waited for hours for it to open and nothing.   So what now? If I uninstall and reinstall it, will have have to pay again?   I've got a Samsung Note 3 if that helps?
The engine itself is great but you're better off using the mobile browser version. There is not search history, tutorials, no way to sign in to pro for more processing time, a terrible keyboard, and the list goes on. Needs LOTS of usability updates. Also as a pro subscriber I would hope that the mobile app would be free. Instead it's 5$ and sucks.
This is an excellent file manager, I liked it because it had a feel like the devs had devs in mind as their target audience. Recently a host of gimmicky features that can't be disabled. Also, some additional GUI options such as selectable visible attributes would be more helpful. The pro version is substantially better but that this contrast exists is the reason for the star.
This app works like a champ, the only problem is when you update your Android system, Developers will try to fix it but most of Android updates will patch the only way this app has to have access to your internet. This will work if your Android version isn't as new (which is hard now). I have a an extra phone that I keep around for long trips so I can keep my passengers entertained with this app without paying a carrier for a service that should be included with my phone service.
I have some issues with uploads at times using this app offline, with a lot of inaccuracies with water depth. I would hope that this app that was bought was going to be better than the trial, I was wrong. Ice fishing or on a boat this app isn't very helpful with the water depth. With the most disappointment of water depth to me. I also dont get a good loadup of offline use on navonics maps when I'm offline. I know navonics don't claim to be accurate spot on but it's not even worth the bang for the buck.
This app worked great at first than quit updating my position on the GPS arrow on the lake, would put me in spots I never been at that were miles away. I contacted tech support told me to download another GPS app. That dosent work, they than told me I never had an email log in account witch was not true. This app wouldn't allow me to even log in. The tech support basically wrote me off and haven't contacted me since. Hopefully you have better luck than me!!!
Please fix this app freezes everytime on galaxy s4 which makes it useless and now regret purchasing it.  if you fix it will give more stars and consider you an honest company and not a knock off of other navigation apps
I paid for this app over a year ago and my one-year subscription expired and I renewed my subscription again and none of my spots came back I lost over a hundred spots. I demand a refund Navionics. What's the point of renewing if everything I worked for is not there anymore. Piss poor application with great qualities.
This app used to be quick. Now this app is ridiculously slow takes forever to load and even then doesn't work very well. IDK what they did to it but it sucks and I hope they figure it out especially since this app cost money. Please turn it into what it once was so it can actually be used.
I'm  a rescue/salvage boat captain. I also retired from the Coast Guard where I was a search & rescue controller for the PNW. This is hands down the best navigation app you can get. Very accurate and easy to use. Every bit as accurate as the system on my work boat that cost thousands. If you own a boat, get this app.
Everything worked fine the day I payed $10 for it, but ever since the app won't even stay open. I should've spent my ten bucks on pair of goggles and just checked the lakes out myself I guess. I thought paying for an app meant it would be a quality product but instead I'm stuck with a cool looking app on my home screen that does nothing. Closing my eyes and guessing the lake charts is equally, if not more effective than this app right now.
Have had this app for a few years. Installed on my new phone and worked good for a few months. Now when I open it I can see nothing but little camera icons all over the screen with a circle and a line through them. I use this app all the time and would really like to know how to fix this. Thanks
It took a while for my 4 year old to figure out the symbols of what to do to make each element. It would be nice if you could connect information about each element (along with the name). I had to bookmark a Periodic Table so I can show my daughter what it is she's actually doing. On the Galaxy S4 it's a drag to have to move all around the table to see what she's done. It would be great if you could make the table appear full-screen and be able to navigate from that.
Would be so much better if there was some grounding to reality.  There's no logic to why I put put carbon block in a centrifuge and it randomly changes into a different element.  There's no text at all.  I get it your supposed to experiment but there are random icons appearing on the table that I have no idea what they even mean.  3 stars if they at least update the app with the history behind each element which I just found on their website.
This game is awesome, but I do wish it told what the element is, I have to look it up on the web, but it's still fun to play. It might look boring at first, but once you start playing, YOU CAN'T STOP! I recommend this game to anyone who loves science, or likes to play around with nature. Also if you listen very closely the elements say what they are, Like HO as you could guess says ho, as a word. It's a fun little Easter egg... But what do you once you have finished the game?
My 4 year old begged me to buy this game. Glad I did because he loves it. My only problem is that the elements aren't named. I had to print out a kids periodic table for him so he can learn as well as have fun. For $3 you can at least name the elements. How hard is that really?
My son plays this the most. He is 2 almost 3 and gets a kick out of how the elements change! It is so inventive and creative. I just wish the other toca apps were available for androids and not just ipad. My son would love your robot game and the train one! Please make them available to us PLEASE PRETTY PLEASE! My wallet is open and ready!!!
My daughter plays this game. Begged me to buy it for her. Originally she played on my iPhone. Had to buy the android version since I changed phones. Game hangs all the time. Otherwise I would have given 5 stars. Using a lenovo vibe shot. Never had any problems on ios devices.
Poweramp is terrific! I reckon I've just about tried all the apps there are in the store for being able to playback high res audio etc and this is the one for me. When I'm out and about in the world I use an LG5 with Bose noise-cancelling h/phones. I try whenever possible to buy wav/flac downloads and always on the look-out for 24bit versions. Poweramp makes it the best experience. Thank you! Oh - I should also add, that automatically finding missing artwork - even for rare albums is pretty much instant!
I love these wallpapers! 4 stars only because you can only download one at a time. I'd love to be able to queue them and have them run in the background.
I am a huge fan of exelent customer service. I sent email to support asking a question, (I looked in the forums for a while. Couldn't find anything) Within 24 hours I received an email back with a link to some solutions. Absolutely amazing. I did have an issue installing. And the link solved it. I am stunned and will recomends nothing but this app to anyone looking for an automation app. Seriously. This app is absolutely the most powerful automation app out there. And I will continue to use it.
After a few scanned documents the free trial was over. Who needs a bulky scanner at home? I've got my own easy to use phone scanner. Scan anywhere and save to phone then simply text or email. That's it. I don't regret going Pro.
I have been waiting for years for this app to show up on Android!  This has all of the functionality of the iOS version and has worked flawlessly.  Thank you!
The tuner doesn't pick up sounds unless I set the sensitivity on high, but once I've done that, this app is perfect. I can quickly tune my students, play a drone, and set a metronome all in one go.
The octaves for the notes are wrong and there should be more options for the sound of the metronome because the metronome has an annoying sound but overall its good
Thanks! Love it!   Glad it works again!                                       Developer preview of Android Nougat was released on March 9th. TE Tuner does not run on the official OTA release I received on my Nexus 5X last night.   Please update the app!!!!! When it works, I will amend my review.
Now has a delay from the moment I tell it to start the drone to the moment it actually starts. Not too bad, just annoying
The Apple version is the real deal. The Android version is missing all of the functionality that makes this a special app. Too bad as I would love to be able to use it for myself and my students.
Sometimes when I open the app, it doesn't pick up any sound. To fix this, I need to remove it from recent app list and open the app again. Other than that it is good.
I can't change the hz from 440 and if I add something it stays and won't go away, please fix
It work when I first bought it then it stopped I've restarted my phone reinstalled and every thing it just doesn't work
Can I make a small suggestion. I love setting beautiful epic soundtracks as my ring tone. I live waking up to beautiful music but I'd prefer to have the song play until the end. Would it be possible to have the music and vibration start low and build up (which it currently does) and when the alarm is "silenced", it turns off thee vibration but continues to play the music.
There seems to be no way to "learn" an MR Code for the purpose of stopping a wakeup alarm. When I click on the green "learn" button it turns on my camera, but nothing happens from there. I've contact support three times about this issue and they shrug me off, ignore me, or send a reply that doesn't even address my issue.
This app was golden until I tried the newly added sonic feature (as opposed to the original accelerometer). It completely drained my battery overnight WHILE it was plugged in which made me late to work. Aside from that, it's incredible!
The tracking for movement and noise has stopped working the same with one of these last updates. Also the 'Thank you' screen when you open it is irritating. Surely it would be better to prompt those who have the free version instead of having that EVERY time I open the app! You pay to get the full version and get rid of adds, not to have an unskippable screen. Will delete soon if glitches aren't fixed.
The app is semi accurate tracking sleep, has lots of nice graphs and info. All available on the free version. I recently purchased the full version of it, and 50% of the time I can't get past the girl saying thank you to get the app to open. Very annoying! The only way to open the app is to back totally out of it and go in for the second time.  Also the wearables doesn't seem to work with Fitbit charge 2. I think it would be much more accurate if it would connect to something on my wrist...
I really enjoy all of the Sleep functions of this app. But I've had a lot of problems with the alarms. They go off even when I've tried to turn them off, and sometimes to stop them from ringing I have to restart my phone. It's very inconvenient. Even when I've closed all of the apps I'm using, the alarms keep ringing and I can't find a way to dismiss them.
A lifelong problem with disturbed sleep and a wandering sleep pattern are being hugely helped by using a mix of this app and the 'Fabulous' one. I'm able to hear when I'm having nightmares by use of the sensitive recording. And am really impressed by the alarm which is able to recognise  that I'm in a period of light sleep and wakes me ever so gently. Let's hope it keeps working.
Just switched from a Pebble to a Gear Fit 2, and now I am very disappointed.  I thought for sure these two would work together. Apparently it works with the other Gear watches, so I really wish your company and Samsung would get together and get the Fit 2 to work with this Sleep as Android Unlock.
Edit:new patch fixed license issues.  Works great again.   I used to love this app. For the last 3 days though, it hasn't been connecting to the Auth servers to allow me to log in... Really upsets me when I PAID for this app, and now it's not letting me use it...
Work like a charm back after fail license activation at 7.0. Just update the firmware from 7.0 to 7.1 that available at play store and the issue had been resolved. I use marshmallow firmware btw and the issue have been clear. so 5 stars for this awesome apps again.
Not sure what happened with the update, many bloatware apps do not get disabled when you select disable all bloatware.  Menu should break down the options a little more.  One being "Disable all samsung bloatware" and the other "Disable all Carrier (ATT/Verizon/etc) bloatware" .
BEST SUPPORT EVER!!!  I had an issue with my device trying to disable an update notification and contacted them via email. They send me clear and easy instructions of what to do and I recover my device just as I wanted and without the carrier update notification. They really will help you!
Since this update I can no longer disable the firmware update notification that pops up on my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge..... Way to go. I paid for the pro version for that very purpose....  Update: February 8, 2016  Updated and still don't see  com.samsung.firmware.sensorhub  Or  Com.samsung.android.firmware.tsp Its a shame when I bought this I was able to disable those for months until the past 2 updated. I paid for this app to improve my experience with my device. Now the annoying firmware update notification is back in my notification bar and when I pull that bar down.
Amazing support! I had a problem while purchasing, sent an email to the dev and 5 minutes later everything was taken care of. App is amazing and very useful. Don't go around disabling everything! Ive noticed that some apps marked as bloatware I used so I didn't disable them.
I don't know what these other reviews are talking about. I had a issue and they resolved before the evening was over. The developer was very responsive! App works flawlessly on my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge on Verizon.
1. Show Bloatware only...  that only displays the Pink items.  Thank you.  2. Show Enabled only...  this display to eliminate showing previously disabled items.  3. App Service Disabler.  JUST A FEW SUGGESTION as the app is awesome! 😆 😉
Love it
I've used this app for a couple of years. I set an alert for a sudden increase in listeners and am advised of news worthy incidents all over the world. They have a very good base of international stations as well as domestic. I've tracked the demonstrations in several different cities.  Very worthwhile!!!
I bought this in hopes that I would get a better scanner. Should have just kept the free one. Do not pay for this app. Scanner for my area is OFFLINE most of the time. Free one does the exact same as the pro version. Like some of the women I've had, this is just a big let down. And still scanner is OFFLINE.!!! BEEN THAT WAY FOR OVER A WEEK!!!!
I had purchased two other scanner programs on this site that made promises that never materialized. This program ACTUALLY DOES WHAT IT PROMISES. Well Done! Continues to be every thing that it promised and MORE! PS Got your recent updates and your PROGRAM keeps getting BETTER. We switched my AMAZON FIRE HD to my wife. They were ALWAYS SLOW WITH UPDATES AND THEIR HARDWARE IS JUST AS SLOW AND USELESS. We have seen our last investment in anything from Amazon FIRE Tablets etc.
Having tried multiple scanner applications, this is by far the best. Not only does Scanner Radio Pro look great with plenty of customization options, but it is reliable and battery-friendly with an exceptionally large catalog, including extensive support for Australian scanners... I'd love to see some sort of in-application guide on how to stream scanners over the Internet (which in turn would increase the number of available scanners), though.
Love this app, have used it for years. Great for UTD info as it happens, and help with traffic issues ( if you're a Rig driver ). Buy Property you will not regret it. Money well spent!
Great scanner app, easy to use and navigate around. I enjoy the ability to select favorites...It makes it so easy and simple to listen to the atrocities of all parts of Florida.
Hands down the best, most real-time police scanner application I have found! Well worth the 2.99 one-time-fee! And the free version is just as useful.
Just started using it, but the quality of the final images is so good, and the variety of effects and styles is so vast I will have a lot of fun with this for a long time to come!
Awesomeness! Hopefully after finally rating ot, I'll stop getting popups on Rating it...Paid for it, just hoping that's it for PopUps😊
Fantastic. Only thing I would suggest is that there should be a diversity in the ethnicity of featured characters, for example, a Black hand holding the phone/tablet, not just a White one...
This is the coolest app I've found. I use it for everything. It's quick and easy to use, and I love all the updates.
Very fun! Very well put together. Does majority of the work for you. Easy to use and best I've seen so far. Worth trying atleast once if your looking for this type of app. I bet you end up keeping it
Good filters, but desperately needs some editing tools!!
Great integration between original photo and effect!
This is my favorite photo edit app ever!!!!
I use my weather apps everytime I visit some place! For some reason there is no way to delete these places anymore. I am on the platinum app and I know I used to be able to, but now the only way it's too uninstall an reinstall... Stupid! Waste of time!... YEAH! 🤗🤗 Someone listened and fixed the delete issue! You won my heart back! Thank you!
The latest update makes it too hard to get a quick overview. There are usually 3 things I want to know: the current weather, the high/low, and chance of precipitation.  I can get the first one on the first tab. Then I go to the 3rd tab to get a high/low. The I have to click twice to change a tiny button to see precipitation. If I see anything of interest I then go back to the second tab and repeat.
It's simple to use and very accurate. I've tried about a dozen different weather apps and keep coming back to this one. The only thing I'd like them to add is an option for High/Low pressure cells and fronts on the map.
I feel this is one of the best weather apps out there however I do not like the latest update to the daily and hourly forecasts. The previous way of having both precip and temp on save screen was handy and now hourly has confusing 2 temperatures per hour. Please change back or give options to change back to the previous layout!
I've been using the AccuWeather premium application for the  better part of two years. The street-level graphics and radar are spectacular. I opted for the premium version so I did not have to look at ads and it's worth the investment. The latest design has a great user interface.
App displays (US only) weather but alerts can't be dismissed.  Very annoying.  Time display on widget is five minutes slow!  This is the latest version and I paid for it. App is messed up.  Customer support is terrible.  BBC weather is better with worldwide coverage!
The "Find Me (GPS)" option incorrectly labels my home location as an adjacent city. Tried app on several devices and it always detects the wrong adjacent city. I use other weather apps and they all accurately find my home location. So only AccuWeather has a problem accurately displaying my home location. Not sure if I trust its forecast.
Keeps freezing. I've had it for just over a month.  I've been trying to make a graphic quickly for the last 45 mins and nothing bc it crashes, freezes or won't open.  If I roll the dice to change the style more than 5x it's done for. I even did an uninstall.  Frustrating and I'll need a refund if it doesn't work soon.
Yeah, since its a paid app you shouldn't have to jump through loops such as liking their facebook page to use the normal features that come with the app... also its glitchy...
You know since we have to pay for this app you would think it wouldn't be so glitchie. Fix that and I will rate 5 stars
I love this app and use it everyday. However, it has been freezing up and not allowing me to do anything.
Since last update I'm getting error message saying the app is not licensed with Google Play and it closes out. I need this fixed or a refund.
I use this app daily. Now today, it freezes. Even after a re- install. Please responc
You recently changed the Fresh Brewed Swag font which impacted several projects I was in the middle of. Could you please restore that font to its original style?
Love this app!! Wasn't saving but then I did the update and it works now. Thanks!
Please don't waste your money. Doesn't work 99% of them time. I wish I could get my money back.
Where do I start... They can answer damn near any math question you've got. With a whole bunch of different representations of the solution. Its incredible. I bought this app twice now... Switched from iphone to android... Worth it both times. Step by step problem solving... Fact checker or just basic research engine really.... Only problem... No camera input so math problems have to be handtyped.
where is my search history? Cache of search results? Where is tutorial mode? Where are news for features and explore mode for all the features? Why there is no side drawer? Show me how awesome is app, i know it is, but hiding info is not goi g to help. Im new to this and dont know what to do except math questions. You have this on your page but mobile app should be friendlier than web that is the reason why i bought app. User experience needs serius work.
This a wonderful tool for me as a computer programmer however.... When I decided to buy this app I was under the impression that I would be able to sign in the Wolfram Alpha website for the full desktop pro edition. You cannot!!! Misleading! Will give 5 stars when I get a lifetime pro membership on the site as I had expected. Please make this clearer on the app stores.
One the keyboard is atrocious it is very in responsive and straight just doesn't work well. One suggestion of mine that would get this up to 5 stars is if there was a "home" page in which there would be like most searched inquiries for the week or month and maybe a top pick of interesting results (or facts ) picked by the staff. In all the app is not bad to any degree and is very functional and helpful I would gladly of paid 5 dollars for it rather than 4. 4/5 stars would recommend again
Speaking as a post graduate student of theoretical mathematics,  the mathematical abilities of this app really floored me. Its ability to correctly interpret and solve complex mathematical expressions is very impressive, and I like that it gives all sorts of additional information about it too. The interface is interactive and fluid. Can't thank the developers enough for making something like this, worth every penny and more!
It would be nice if the alphanumeric portion of the keyboard supported SWYPE... There seems to be no way to access a menu, provide feedback, get a tutorial, our anything else within the app. Fortunately, I've used the website for some basic things before, so wasn't entirely lost.
Although Wolfram Alpha is a brilliant piece of software, the Android app could have been made much better and more convenient. The most annoying thing is that there is no history, so when you typed in some longer equation and then something else later on, you have to type the previous thing again if you want to see it again. no multitasking. not even history. that's a shame. obviously no thought whatsoever was put into the development of the app, and what you see is basically just a browser window.
Fixes almost everything I had issues with using the free app. The pro version allows more customization, so the new Homepage is gone (yay). There's the option to customize your theme again, which is always nice. The layout feels like a sleeker modern 1.6 (early 2013) version of the ES File Manager, which was my favourite layout before.
I love this app. I used the free version for a while and it works really well. I decided to buy the full version. But now there is a glitch with the password system. In the free version, whenever i switched out of the app, it would prompt me for a password whenever i went back. The full version doesnt do that, if i switch out and go back it doesnt ask me for password, i find this to be a kind of comprimising glitch. Please fix. Otherwise everything else is great in my opinion.
I need this app's advanced capabilities: the secure & wide multi-cloud spread, full unpack of 7zip and rar, SAMBA/FTP, finely-calibrated gif playback, root, plus decent customizability. Not the most intuitive UI and perhaps it could handle more codecs/formats; the photo viewer is only okay. The new color picker is a huge improvement and cloud auto-sync is something I'd hoped for but never thought I'd see! Potentially THE one-stop media archive!
I absolutely love the root explorer, it helped me swap the few gb of internal to my extsd card. Still glitchy but you will do alot less damage to file system than you will with stroA manager swapping files. Able to fully deck out my prevail deodexed and sytemless root on stock to run like a newer phone and the nougat launcher makes me forget this is KitKat.
This app connects to Chinese IPs without user knowledge and I can't turn that off. The Chinese government has a history of DDoSing things that they don't like and they have used apps that connect to Chinese servers. You don't know whether this app is protected against that. Otherwise this is a good app. EStrongs, if you want to bring your app outside of China, please do not use Chinese services to collect data. Google already has a service for it and it's so much better than the one you're using right now.
Overall I'm using ES File Explorer Pro on all my devices. It is generally amazing and provides real multifunctional interface that goes far beyond a simple file manager. This far there's been only one problem that I've encountered with it: download manager. Often larger downloads will crash and most of the time it will not be possible to resume them. Anyways, in all other aspects, there is nothing even remotely close in play store that would be as useful.
I have not found a better ulitity app anywhere. This is my go to app to manage and explore files and cleaning. Especially effective with our network storage. If I could give it a 10 star rating I would. I use it with my tablet, my new six core desk top, my sons computer and our network with its multi gb independent storage and back up system plus with four cellphones and two of their tablets through wifi..... Love it   Ron
Which is now rooted, but even so, it sometimes works better than some of the free rooted variants out there. IT CHANGES YOUR SWIPE LOCK SCREEN to a Pattern or Pin lock AND CAN'T CHANGE IT BACK EVEN AFTER UNINSTALLING FOXFI. PLEASE FIX THIS. I have multiple security measures in place without the need for a screen lock. Please remove this permission devs.
I followed foxfi's screen by screen instructions including adding a security security exception and everything works. The app seems to leverage Verizon's hot spot app by proxy in a way that Verizon does not know. I'm on a prepaid plan and get 4G WiFi tethering at full speed. I think the trick is following all the instructions as prompted. I'm using the paid version.
This app does everything it says it does. Worth paying for full version as this developer deserves our support. Keep it coming with apps like this. There are so many apps in the play store that claim to do things and don't do anything besides give you advertising banners and spam you.. but this app Is 100% legit. I installed it on all my devices and use it regularly as a USB hot spot together with pdanet on my laptop and I get great speeds (T-Mobile LTE network). Works so well I replaced my home internet
I've had this app installed on my droid x my HTC Rezound my samsung galaxy s3 my galaxy s5 and now on my galaxy s 7. I'm on Verizon and my slow speed is usually about 30 megabytes per second and it types out at about 65 megabytes per second I leave it on 24 hours a day on the weekends it never shuts off it always works and last month believe it or not I use 447. Something gigabytes worth of data. Thank God I'm still grandfathered in with my unlimited data and I don't even have to pay $20 a month.
Worked like a dream, have had it for several months now. Unfortunately as of 11/20/2015 around 10-11am EST the app no longer let's me Hotspot. I've seen reports that the app still works via Bluetooth and direct teether, but not to happy with installing additional software. To my knowledge this is a issue of. VERIZON only. Please fix this Devs
I now have a Samsung S5 Galaxy and have not had a single problem using since day one. I got the S5 for free and I would have returned just to keep using this app. I use 90-300GB of data a month and Foxfi has always worked. I wait to update my phone just to make sure it works first. They do a wonderful job keeping up with OS changes. Have used for over 2 years on Droid 4 and now on the S5 for 5 months without any problems. I got S5 right away and Foxfi worked. It was so worth the one time cheap as hell fee.
Awsome app! Just like everyone else stopped wrking 11/20.......sucks! I would happily pay re-up fee miss my Netflix and HBO GO! not good dvd selection, all 5 of them...lol. plz let us know if wrking on it or if need call cable company? Not crazy like others, like know what's going on and figure out options. Thanks for best app ever when it worked! Hope u guys rock out a quick fix!
Running on Android 4.4.4.   Works great, although I haven't updated my phone since December I am worried if I accept the latest software update it will stop my Fox Fi from working. I have the full paid version of FoxFi. I get the best of my unlimited plan with this app.  Verizon will charge you an arm and a leg for hotspot with data package. The only thing that I have a concern about is that it monitors your network, not sure what is the purpose of that. Otherwise everything is great.
I just made the very great decision to buy this app. Ive never left a review on anything so that right there should tell you i care a lot about this. I have been living in a house with no wifi for a year now but unlimited phone internet. This app literally allows me to transfer my internet to my computer without letting them know im tethering so they dont slow me down after a certain amount. Love it so much and thank you
I use this for icefishing and its not always 100% accurate, but it's close enough with depts. Great app overall!
So I bought Navionics couple years ago and never had to pay and now I get an update and I have to pay every year what the hell. you should let the people who bought the app originally not have to pay a yearly subscription I think this is total BS now
I think the app is great, but my phone and tablet don't have huge amounts of memory. To actually use this app,  I need the map caches on my SD card.  Without that,  everything is just window dressing.
Used for years, worked great.  Now freezes my location in one spot.  Tried uninstalling and reinstalling still locked in same location.
With the tracking , me & fishing buds will always find our way off the lake with no visibly.  Marking the spot where the fishing is good makes it easy to find the next time out.
Was removing some icons around and I clicked to move it to another page. And in Google play store it shows it to be in my phone. Any suggestions? GREAT APP thank you!
We have quite a few of their apps on our iPad I'm so glad to see more on Google play. This is not a traditional science lesson so don't expect that. It's an intro for kids where they can mix things up, electrify, heat them cool them and just have fun.
It's lovely, nearly so great, but it misses the opportunity to describe the elements, even choosing not to use their names. I tried a dozen times to pull up the clipboard to find common facts like date of discovery, practical applications and where it might be found. As it is, it's not educational in the slightest, since the one piece of equipment which can change one element into another is conspicuous by its absence!
My 2 and 4 year old fight over who gets to play first! As an adult even I find the game fun. My 4 year old has said he wishes you could have a way for the elements to "play" with each other. But over all its great and I am very glad I got it!
This is a simple game with science elements in it.  For kids who know a bit about chemistry, it's confusing because elements seem to change into other elements through random experiments.  For kids who don't know anything about chemistry, it's a bunch of blobs with strange names like H or Hg or At that you can boil or explode.
For all those who want to become scientists, you will love this app! When I first got the app, I was so suprised when I made my first element. My eyes widened with awe and I gaped with amazement. Experimenting is fun and I found all of the elements. Unless you want to restart, you can select the option in the settings. Thank you Toca Boca!
Would like a refund if possible. I hoped you could do a tad more than the game suggested. I found it to be somewhat fun finding new elements but the lack of things to do kills it. My nephew played it for 3 minutes and was done, I picked it up and liked it for a bit. Now it's dull, not worth 2.99, but maybe 99 cents.
Please add the name as well as a description of each element. How will a child learn the periodic table, when there is no name or description for each one? Please add! Also having issues when attempting to access settings, when I go into settings, the app force closes.
Even though it cost money it is still a very good game. You can make cool experiments. There's only one problem with this game . when you go to the potions when you mix them they just explode. Another thing is that the creators of this game should add more machines 2 change the experiment.!
Its kind of boring. When i first played it it was quite fun, but it started getting pretty repetitive. Its just blobs turning different colors or different shape. Also, its not very realistic. Its needs more than a box of useless stuff and six machines that don't make sense. I'm not really sure why you have to pay for it either. Its a kids game, and its not that great. I wouldn't get it because Its not worth the money. Everybody just needs money don't they. Please change it!
This music player is amazing and puts all other music players to shame! Everything is organized beautifully and the album artworks are always clear and crisp images. Amazing sound clarity and equalizer/tuner options. The best feature IMO Is the ability to crossfade between songs - continuous music with no awkward pause when you skip! The only negative IMO is the lack of a 'Go To' 'artist', 'album', or 'playlist' option while listening to songs. If you can spend the $, this music player is worth it.
Best audio player on Android, even the best between other Paid audio player too.. it also support with my custom ROM i've used which include Dolby and SRS Effect and both of them enabled on this Equalizer. So the output was very loud and clear enough with powerfull Bass and wideness of Surround combined by Stereo X with Dolby Effects. Never regret 4 bucks i've spent. Gr8 Job!!
TO THE DEVELOPERS:  Being an audiophile who DEMANDS good quality sound when listening to music, I discovered ROCKBOX a few years ago, an alternative operating-system that that could be installed on certain hard-drive based i-river media players. Those ROCKBOX  systems used a PARAMETRIC equaliser in which not only are the "bands" on the audio-equalizer adjustable, but the bandwidth of each band could be adjusted. You could perhaps incorporate this on YOUR equaliser!
I have used many different  music players on both Android and IOS. I have never seen a match for Poweramp. It may not have amazing animations like the IOS stock music player but it does what a Music player should. It plays music, as well as boasts (what I think is) the best custom equalizer on any mobile platform, and at five dollars it really is the best money I have ever spent. If anyone cares more about the look of a music player than the sound than they should be using IOS.
I have used this player for a few years now and have not been able to find a replacement.  To stay ahead of the game this app could use cloud service connectivity to dropbox, skydrive, etc.  And what would really set it apart would be a voice command search-n-play feature. I would then give it two- Five Star ratings for a total of Ten.
This is the most complete and polished audio player there is. No regrets buying it. Now, the nitpicking. I love how Poweramp finds high quality album art, which really makes the player screen come to life. But I factory reset and flash my phone constantly which makes the downloaded album art dissappear. I would love to have a way to embed the downloaded album art directly into the id3 tag, or however it's called. Much thanks to the devs for an already great app.
I had to literally research to find a player that still reads off of an SD card. The default music applications will only read off of the phone itself (Galaxy S2/S3 etc), so this app was a Godsend! Now the 15 gigs of music I have can actually be listened to! Not only that but the widgets are very customizable and perfect for sleek design. You guys made the perfect audio playet for Android! Thank you so much!
Great player for FLAC (primary reason for purchase).  Great settings, but a couple of funky things I find odd:  you can check the settings to get album art but there's no detail on when this will happen.  You also don't seem to be able to present your music by artist name, then click on artist to see albums.  Seems all artists/albums are presented in one long list.
This is still the best player for Android.  I wrote my original review for PA in mid 2011! This is my 3rd review, last one was in 2014. Been on the beta builds for about a year now. Things haven't changed: PA is still the best... Feature rich, glitch-free, PA is as close as you will get to having old school Winamp with Stereo Tool (and Perfect Declipper) running (on a PC of course). Love the inclusion of Milk. The support for new devices is top notch. Keep up the good work!!
I love making my own custom wallpapers with it, but I would love to be able to save my own creations on my phone instead of uploading them. There should be a way to save custom presets
Most of the wallspapers are awesome and all for free. Can't go wrong.
It's OK. Worth the dollar.
Dope wallpapers
I do enjoy the app, it has wonder effects,  some are better than other but that's not the apps fault that's just my personal taste. I would love to see some more #Steampunk, #Gothic, #Horror, and lastly #videogames Such as #Outlast.  I wish I could make them.  Once again this isn't the apps fault this is my taste. The app is FILLED with TONS of wallpapers for people. I just prefer the things that go bump in the night..
The right themes look great, but not all of them. Thus, are new themes going to be added ? And the most important question, where is HULK? He is in video to this app, but doesn't exist in theme list. Very disappointed..:(
Good app but images don't want to center themselves on my main home screen. Always off skew. Have to go to 2nd screen to see full center. Annoying. LGV20
I cant figure out how to get it to work on my samsung galaxy s7edge could you please guide me to how this works please
I recently purchased this app and I find it very useful it's so useful that I found that I can do 2 things with this one app that I'd need 2 separate apps for(locking apps and power management) and that's just the start. BUT I HAVE ONE MAJOR GRIPE, WHENEVER I OPEN TASKER IT FEELS LIKE IM RUNNING KITKAT AND THIS APP HAS BEEN UPDATED AS RECENT AS 2017!!!!!!!!!!!!! SOME MATERIAL DESIGN WOULD BE NICE 😉.
I got this app to help do some small things like change the ringer volume automatically when I get to work, or change the brightness when I wake up. Lately though, I'm finding much more interesting things to do, like manage off-site backups and automatic weather and theme swapping for day/night. And I'm only scratching the surface of what I can do with this app!
I wanted to use this app in conjuction with amazon alexa to control my laptop. Is very hard to use unfortunately, i wont spend whole days trying to figure out how it works. I might just start learning to code if i want to waste days of my life
Many complain that it's too complicated, but that is a side effect of how feature rich and customisable it is. If it is too complicated for you, you shouldn't use this. This is for power users and if used wrong it can harm your phone. Don't let this scare you from trying to figure it out.
I decided to check the dictionary definition of automation. The first definition of AUTOMATION listed was TASKER. (  ;  Actually, that could be the true definition because Tasker is the epitome of automating tasks on one's device. The learning curve is a tad steep because automating many tasks isn't a simple process. Tasker is a must D/L, a one of a kind app, & has no equal in the GP. Buy it!... Pent (Dev), this is a great & useful app. I appreciate your dedication to continued improvement.
Very unintuitive. I've had this app for more than a year now and still have little idea how to use it without following guides. I'll probably be switching to automagic.
You want me to rate you the day after I download it.  Haven't had it 24 hours yet.  Probably should set your timer for a week or a month, give folks a chance to use it.  I may be able to give a better review after I've had a chance to, you know, use it.
The quality of the processes scans are clear, but the edge detection isn't very accurate. I use this frequently, so it's quite a chore having to manually adjust the scan area 3 out of 5 times (2 stars off for that). An auto-upload to cloud option would be much appreciated.
The app is nowhere near as good as CamScanner. The quality of the scanned PDF is significantly better in CamScanner; there is a dedicated option to scan in high quality and when selected it eats Tiny Scanner for breakfast (with file sizes up by the slenderest of margins).! I had another problem with Tiny Scanner; I tried the regular version and (at that time) I thought that I would be staying with Tiny Scanner so I purchased the pro version from within the app. After flashing a new rom into my phone I installed the pro version of the app which then went on to charge me again. I have sent the developer emails requesting a refund on the duplicated item but I have heard absolutely nothing.. nothing at all back from the developer.  I guess that tells you everything you need to know about this app going forward, Given that CamScanner is the better app and the pro key on mine is still valid on an app that I purchased about 5 to 6 years ago; now that's what I call service.!!..
I used to have a problem collecting documents from my clients. Many of them didn't have scanners so they'd either have to go to an office depot to fax things or they'd send pictures of documents that I'd struggle to crop. Now those pictures they send can he cropped and put into a pdf file that looks decent. Highly recommended!
This app works great sinks well with drives. But at 4.99 I feel it's a tad over priced for what I needed it for and I would have got a different app but I had money from Google rewards to spend
I had this application paid and installed on android phone. Now I have moved to ismile and I cant move my paid subscription to iphone.  Do you know how to activate your previously paid subscription on iphone ?  Thanks
It just doesn't work. Doesn't register any sound. I'm running Android 7.1.1 on the Google pixel so maybe it's a compatibility issue but I'm disappointed that I spent money and it doesn't work at all
When I downloaded it I thought I would hate it! But I love it!! I use it for band an at home!!
It sucks it stops working don't buy this
Metronome skips beats often.
Developer fixed the app. Now it's totally awesome again!
Works great on my Nexus 6p. Recommending this to my fellow musicians every chance I get. Good work!
This app is so helpful, I can point out other people's flaws
Today the app suddenly reset and I lost all of my configurations and alarms.  And no I didn't use any phone optimizer apps that could have caused this. Frustrating. Also,  why can't one set the app to automatically start tracking at a certain time? Now I have to do that manually every night...  Some of the settings are also quite confusing, not enough info in the settings menus.
I use this all the time but there are some areas I'd like to see improved before I give it 5 stars, e.g. permanently remove the thank you screens after I've I paid for the app as it's a bit annoying having to tap past these. I would also like a better radio function so I can fall asleep to different radio stations, e.g. BBC stations and have the radio auto turn off after a set time or once I am asleep.  Thanks for listening.
Started with my Galaxy S4, upgraded to Nexus 6P and everything works still.  All My cloud data was in tact, I just had to set alarms again.  I have basic larm needs, but on a fortnightly rotation, which this app has only let me down once.  But, the song it was playing was on a dead SDCard, so can't really fault the app on that.  I don't use the smart alarm or captcha system, but lullaby upgrade was great too.  Thanks, my Pebble time and I thank you.
Generally it works well, but I do have a few problems. For one thing, even though the app records the noises I make, the beginning of the recordings are often soundless, although there is clear activity on the graph. Then sometimes, the noise isn't me but beeps from the app. When they start, they continue for some time. So it'd be great if you could improve that, because it's really annoying and pointless.
It crashes like every night. The heart rate thing dosn't work at all. Can't trust on it and the alarm shows always wrong, but it does alarm in the right time. But still.m fix those bugs please!! I use S2 with it.
I found this program difficult to navigate, cluttered and basically failing in explaining it's benefits. Simply trying to stop it tracking if you accidentally start it when you get up seems impossible. I had to uninstall it to get it to stop. Doubt I want it on my phone now. I give three out of five. It's more gimick than useful at the moment.
It's stopped working, it hangs up while it claims to be waiting for licence activation. All of the services I stopped with it have been reinstated and the machine is gobbling up power again. It looks like I'll have to root the damned thing after all, something I was hoping to avoid.
Excellent app, well worth the money!  Works exactly as advertised. One small issue, the app identified my MMS service as bloatware. Easily fixed but very confusing.
Their response on how to remove it if I forgot the password sent me a bad link, they don't even have a website.
Just got this to get rid of Samsung Link and discovered so much more crap bloating my phone. This is amazing and so smooth to use. Very cheap for how much it helps.
Note 5 - So, what I love it when an app works one day and then, for whatever reason, you decide to just start fresh on a phone, you know to clean things up and give them a boost, only to find when you reinstall an app you paid good money for no longer works... Literally, yesterday it worked and today it doesn't... "Waiting for license activation" Oh right.... So that's the app now...?! Sit and wait for the activation... I'm still waiting.... So the new standard of "paid" apps is, well you've used it but now it doesn't work so to bad... find another app to pay for. "MAY NOT WORK ON ROOTED DEVICES" - A scumbag addition to the app description at a later date which is a blatant lie... It WON'T and they know it doesn't. SO, if you buy the app, then root down the line the app WON'T work and you are out of pocket for the money you paid.
Thank you! Email them on how to bring back some features, and they responded quickly with a solution. Thanks again for your help.
Great value for a paid app! Chicago is a large metro that uses mostly plain-english rather than ten-codes, so it is more enjoyable to listen.... not to mention all the action!
This is the best scanner app out there! It always has the cities that I am in! It is always clear not to long of buffering! Will recommend this app to everyone!
This is the BEST scanner app!                 When SHTF, hear it when it happens.
This app is fantastic.  Let me recommend spending the $1.99 to remove the ads.  It makes the experience even more enjoyable.
I very been using this app for years. The support is fast. And that's why I don't change. Thank you for providing  us a useful tool.
This is a great app. The problem version is really worth the cost.
I love this app! Especially listening to Vegas (where I live)  because it tells you the command post that each call comes from!  Although that function isn't working today.
Awesome fun Pro, I often get breaking news before it is news!
If you enjoy listening to it and do not own a  scanner this is the way to go.
Love this app this is simply great...thank u
Great editor. It is worth buying.
This is the App. you've been looking for. So many fun & quality features.  New layouts added often. Glad I found this App. Highly recommended!
Still no Northern Ireland flag :(
I love it!
I like this app very much.. but it would be better if it works without net too....
The line graph of temperature is useless. Bring back the blocks. I just wish it didn't insist on continuous access to Location (which it is not going to get) because it kills the battery. Why can't I just give it a precise location and have the stupid app REMEMBER IT!
In general app works for me.   Still have a problem with rendering maps when zooming in.   Weather overlay seems to disappear. Also is not displaying alerts for me anymore.   Tells me that there are alerts, but will not show them.  Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1  Downgrading my review because alerts still do not display.  The alerts show partially in my notifications window, but clicking on them take me to the alerts scree, where just the location displays.  BTW. alerts work fine on my free Accuweather Apple version.
Accuweather used to be "on the money" with reliable info for any requested area. Ever since change of app appearance, which was NOT an improvement, temps are off, regularly, by a good 10°. And that's with paying for the "platinum" version. Why did you mess with (near) perfection?
I like the app but if the 4x2 widget doesn't start working I'll have to switch apps. Not being able to use it when everything else works is annoying. I want my time, date and weather on one widget that doesn't come installed on the phone because the weather on those is horrible.
Detailed reports, nifty features, and reliable severe weather alerts are a few things I love about this app. Love it! (Currently experiencing problems with location. I enter it in and it goes blank and I have re-enter it again.)
Location search is very limited! Can not find and list even larger cities and towns in Europe. Only able to save the town or place if you are right in it. This works no problem on my wife's iphone! Please fix this issue and will be 5*
Add quick quotes to images you have or choose from the library! Must have for every typography and font lover.
This is a great and useful tool. Take it!
Easy, looks good, good choice of backgrounds.
Best quote maker ever!
Just amazing.  Love it.
Simple and easy
Please can you fix this asap. I just bought this app today, I was able to create one photo, but when I did the 2nd it didn't save nor could I share it to instagram - said image could not be uploaded. It was also not saved in my gallery. Seems the Summer Soiree option isn't letting me save, I tried a different option and the pic saved....
You replaced my favorite font which I use for my business logo😡 so I no longer can watermark or have it as my brand font.. And you changed the hot pink on the color scale I can't get the hot pink I use for all my text banners which is my business color theme … like you just ruined my whole business layout… in sooooo disappointed this was a 5 star app
There are so many features but I know the creators can do more. This app will get better and more efficient I know potential when I see it. Maybe connecting to your accounts and compiling data from it. Find other programs that do new and innovative things and emulate them and integrate them. Try. I'm posing the input text box. Have the program ask questions if it cannot understand what is being asked.
It comprises a great overview when you search for companies. It can show a whole lot about countries and cities. It gives all possible solutions when searching an equation. It even plots graphs. It's pretty awesome for a single app to do all this. I use an xperia m4 aqua with android 5.0 and have encountered no bugs so far. It's an insane access to useful information in few seconds. I loved it.
I wish they'd add the option to see the way of a solution about series.  Where it checks if a series converges or diverges. Right now it only tells you which and what type of test is used to check but the actual way is left off.  PLEASE ADD A BACK BUTTON TO SEE THE PREVIOUS QUERY seriously, if you tap the back on your phone it exits the app from every screen... WTF. Why not show the previous query(calculation)  that I did instead??
Wolfram Alpha close to the work of science fiction. It's faster and smarter than Google or my TI-84 Plus. Wolfram Alpha can solve any math problem, calculus, algebra, or basic arithmetic (step-by-step explanation included)! Wolfram Alpha can find any information and analyze it for you. Don't let the price fool you, either. At $3, it may be above the market anchor, but it's well worth it. A must have for advanced math students (and infomaniacs). EDIT: I haven't had technical issues as with other reviewers.
The ONLY reason I bought this was so I could have a somewhat similar experience on mobile. However the critical feature of "random" as an entry is sorely missing from the mobile version. It cannot be too tough to implement what is already an auxiliary action on desktop on mobile, especially given that the desktop platform is free.
The UI very antiquated, and the keyboard has a maddening input delay that makes fast typing difficult. This app should get a material redesign, but even if that isn't happening it definitely needs sprucing up. Look at the screenshots - the UI hasn't been changed since Jelly Bean at the latest.
I'm currently using this for algebra and after some use I'm changing my 5star rating to 3. The reason for this is because of the user interface. It does show a step by step solution to one form of solving an equation; however, in some cases where there is more than one solution it fails to provide the step by step for those other solutions. allow the user to decide which method to learn and I'll definitely change the rating. The problem was x^2-d=(x+c)(x-12), for d&c. Apparently d=144. Why??
I love how I can cut/copy multiple groups of items to the clipboard and then paste selectively.  It really makes sorting images even faster than on a desktop file browser.  The image thumbnail preview on FTP folders is invaluable, too.    I use the classic toolbar layout, with buttons on the bottom where my thumb is.  It doesn't make much sense to me to have the controls at the top out of reach.
Working well, both in downloading & search functions. It will be easier to use, if the sort view can be changed multiple criteria at a time e.g. detailed list + date ascending order. For now, you can only change 1 a time, then you're booted out. You have to reenter into function area again
I am extremely satisfied with the stability, interface, intuitive layout, enhanced tools and available app tweaks for the individual end user! I haven't had a moments regret about supporting the developer thru the purchase of the Pro File Explorer & Management apps.  I STRONGLY RECOMMEND that you give the Apps from the ES UTILITY Family a serious trial ~ I am very confident that you will immediately assign the same value and perceive the level of professional programming that have made the ES Suite of Utilities my favorites, now must have tools in my Administrator Toolkit. I welcome any questions you might have regarding this review.  I hope that this was helpful. I was not remunerated in any way for this review nor was I solicitated to create a review. The comments I have made are my own and are a derivative of my personal experiences with the applications.
Pixel xl doesn't have a built in File explorer that is easy to use. This fills in the gap very nicely. It has Chromecast built in so quickly watching my photos and videos is incredibly easy. Moving files, renaming, searching ECT are all there and easy to find and use. I highly recommend this file explorer.
Uninstalled.  Went from 5 stars to 1 star.  Installed a "smart lock" without my permission.  I paid for the pro version and still get ads.  Not acceptable.   I just want a good file manager and that is what this program used to be.  Now they have added bloat ware, memory and space management and a bunch of other things I don't want.  If they were available as add-ons that would be great; get only the options you want or need.  Instead they added it all into the main program and ruined it.  Now  I have to find another program that tries to be great at the one thing I want it for instead of okay at a bunch of things I don't want.
I bought this to support development after loving the free version.  Unfortunately, the free version continues to get updates but the Pro version only gets some of the improvements. I emailed the developer to inquire why and suggested offering the free version for the Pro price without the ads.  I never received a response. Feelings like I was bait and switched.  I end up using both but become quickly frustrated when I keep seeing ads and have no option to remove them.
I have used the free app for ages, since my PocketPC. Just recently though the interface started getting cluttered with ads and feature unlock ads and lots of notifications and little logger bubbles... I almost gave up, then I realized the a pro version. I'd rather buy than try several others because I already love this app. Come to find out the awesomeness I remember was just hiding under all that  AD BS... So YaY!
I have a Sprint samsung galaxy s3 with their unlimited data plan for my wife and I. With the already exorbitant price of the plan, I could not find the logic of buying a thether for my phone plan, so I am incredibly happy I came across this. Easy set up and easy access. I would recommend this for anyone looking for internet. I use it primarily to play online games on my pc, watch movies, and listen to music. 5 stars and respect for the creators. I have bought the full version, they deserve the support.
I've had this app on 2 different phones: Droid RAZR and Galaxy s4. This app works very well. I have easily gotten my money's worth out of it. I have used it to connect with an Xbox and a playstation. I've also had 2 smart tvs hooked to it at one time. I love that it tells me when something connects to my phone. This app is the first app that I have ever purchase off the market and it has treated me very well. I've easily told 100 people about it.
I still use this app after three years and never upgraded ANY phone from Verizon past the 4.3 upgrade. As of late when I start it up it freezes the wifi startup to the point I have to completely turn off my phone and reboot. To the Dev. is this going on lately to the personals' who can still operate the app or is this the doing of cellphone providers trying to completely stop you guys and is screwing with the apps features??
I've used foxfi for a couple years now.   It's the most legit app to push out an Internet connection with an Un rooted phone.  You think $7 is too much? They have saved me thousands of dollars! Please be respectful to these developers they really care!
I had the droid RAZR maxx and this worked flawlessly. Upgraded to the new RAZR maxx and awaiting fix for WiFi. I love this app. Why do cell companies make you pay twice for data? Once for the data and a second time to turn your phone into a hotspot to use the data you already paid for. It seems to me like they are double dipping. Thank you makers and updaters of foxfi for all you do in keeping this app functioning.
Been using free version for awhile never had a problem I don't use it as often but when I did use it worked great!!! Limit usage on free version got annoying decided to buy one time fee of $7.95 verses $20 bucks monthly through provider was a NO BRAINER for me SOLD!!! great work foxfi keep up the good work :)
I have been using a for a years now. First on a S-Fascinate. Then a S-Charge and now the SG4.   I specifically bought a new galaxy so that I could use this app because I depend on it so much.  I have unlimited data. (grand fathered)  Paid full $ for an SG4 to avoid upgrade and loosing my unlimited.   This App does not work for all phones. Do your research The developers work tirelessly on updates and I appreciate them.
The alarm won't wake me so I don't even bother. I use my phones'.nothing against sleep cycle; I just take extremely sedating night meds haha. I loooove the way this works; even with another person in bed so long as the phone is on your side. I love the sleep notes; it's really interesting to see what helps or hinders. THANK YOU FOR THE ANDROID UPDATE!
Very easy to use. Works as described. I tested the free version for 2-3 days before buying Pro version. Good purchase! Really wished his website sold or recommended outdoor wifi cameras which are compatible with this App. Great App.
I had the free version for quite a while. Its very full functioned and i really didnt need to upgrade it. I loved it so much and it saves me so much money that I wanted to support the developer and buy the full version. Im generally a cheapskate so that right there speaks volumes . i use this tool on my daily driver and i use it on all my friends cars to reset CEL warnings and read diagnostic codes. Tried it on 6 different makes. Only car i cant connect to is the mini cooper. Might be proprietary code?
I have seen this app go from "acceptable" as a substitute for the, now defunct, Google Listen podcast client to PERFECT. All the features anyone could desire (the addition of multi-select takes the cake!) and flawless playback / functionality.   I can't speak for other podcast clients but if you're gonna spend some bread and show a Dev some love, this is the app to buy. Awesome support and communication, fast updates, excellent stability. You will not go wrong with this app!
I thought once you buy the app it was yours. My subscription is up in 8 fays you say. Well i remewed it and tried down loading maps but you say i am maxed out. What the hell is going on. I am starting to think you guys are fucking with people and stealing their money
Keeps saying I need to reinstall. All points you save are lost and zero way to get help.
Its okay. Understanding that its a minimal cost for this app. Seems to be where you are on the app is not where you actually are. Again, understand its not like a lake master chip. Gets you within 50 yards of your wanted area.
App was working good on my old phone got this new phone and and when I'm out on a lake it shows I'm on shore still don't know why please help
Very happy with the purchase, helping me catch a lot of fish!
Thank you for your time to help fisherman on there quest to get limits of fish.  Well worth it
Bought it to used for ice fishing to get a general idea of depths on lakes...but it doesnt show any depths...wasted my $10
Having problems bringing my maps up
Use it on ice andin my boat. Works great!
Another really fun game for kids. Interactive and and teaches the basics of chemistry. I disagree with the reviewers that gave it poor reviews as far as "functionality". This is a child's game, and it's supposed to be fun, entertaining and educational WITH THE GUIDANCE OF A PARENT. Don't just toss this to your kid, walk away, and expect to him/her to be the next Bill Nye. Spend time with your child, explain what things do, etc. Geez people. You can't expect technology to be the sole source of education.  Although I do admit that it would be nice if the elements were written out so that you knew which element was what on the periodic table, but for me as an adult, that makes it fun. Looks like I'll need to study up a bit.
I really like the different characters. For the potions, why do we have to make different combinations? OK. I get the point. It is fun messing around with it. Just for other games, can you make it free please? Hope you read this TOCA BOCA.By the way, I cannot get some characters.🌈🌈🌈🌹🌹🌹😎😎😎
This game gets boring. I would like a refund of my money. All you do is create elements. I would like a game that goes on forever. I did not find out about the refund within the fifteen minute mark until yesterday. I downloaded this app in April. Please fulfill my refund.
I want a refund becaus all we do is shock, spin, freez, cook and explode. Add more like actualy give us alot of potions to mix or to use as as singular potion with an actual ability name. Pleas make it worth downloading. PLEAS!I also cant get a refund after uninstalling it. Pleas add my recommendations
My 3 year old daughter loves it. And it gives the basic chemistry concept that "things' undergoing processes will turn into other "things" on the made up phonetics-based period table of cute monster 'things". To have a 3 year enjoying the game and grasping the basic concepts in chemistry, I think the game serves its purpose and deserves  a 5-star.
This game has much potential to be educational and fun.  Kids are such sponges for knowledge that if the elements had said their names when you touched them they would have their Periodic Table memorized in no time.  My kids were so disappointed.
I can understand to certain degree why it does not have the individual name. It's a great game my toddler loves I just wish there was an option to have the name said.  She could actually learn all elements please add this option.
But I do agree I wish the elements had names, my daughter keeps asking what are there names ( luckily I took a lot of chemistry so I can tell her most... but she gets upset when I don't know one)  she's only 2, but loves it, and remembers the names I tell her
Long time user! This app has always been spectacular, especially if you learn about all the awesome features! Works well with no fuss and lets you set up exactly what you want. Great job.    I have one request. Add an option to have the desktop NOT slide up slightly when opening the immersive app drawer  please have an option for the desktop to just fade (for example) as the drawer slides up I think this would look much cleaner
Changed from a 5 star to a 1 star because I recently upgraded from a galaxy s4 to the Galaxy s7 edge and the app no longer works. All i get is an error occured please try again. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling but still the same error. Loved it on the s4 will change back to 5 star when I can use it again.
includes a ten band eq section that let's you shape the sound to your liking and works super with high quality ear buds. This is better than any other music player bar none. Just increase the audio buffer size and you can throw any extreme eq setting at it with any major sound glitches. Even with out beats I highly recommend power amp for its sound quality and customization! 10 stars is what I really want to give!
The BEST MP3 player available!  Instantly gathers and embeds album art for your library. Not just the modern ones, finds the vintage hard to find ones too.  I'm sold on this app and delighted that I came across it while looking for ID3 tag editors. Great at retrieving lyrics instantaneously with free plugin as well. Superb sound.  1 suggestion would be to add more sound effect options; depth reverberation etc...  GREAT JOB GUYS !
Here are some things that could make this music player better: 1. Let's start with an exit button, all apps should have one! 2. On the artist section there should be an option for picture cover for each artist instead of just a dull list. 3. The UI needs to be streamlined to be more intuitive and is in need of a new modern design.  Aside from that this music player is without a doubt amongst the best in overall performance, no complaints there.
Went through a lot of hassle to buy this app. Had to get a new Idea Sim just to be able to pay for this app, here in India. Google Play Store only accepts credit cards and certain debit cards. If not for the problems in making payments, we would be buying a lot more apps in India. Coming to the app, it is amazing how the beta version 3.0 has improved. All the features are carefully planned out to enhance listening experience. Keep up the good work MaxMP. You guys rock!
I downloaded this trial when I first got this phone, loved it so much compared to the default player, all the features, and being a musician and a producer, this app was a savior! It just made the music sound like the bands intended them to sound like. I tried other players, being stubborn about paying for an app, and quickly realized, you will NOT find better! Thank you for such an amazing app, I will recommend to all friends! Update: Been using this app for almost two years now, best purchase ever!
Pretty great music player but could do with chromecast support and being able to export playlists with the option for file type ( current is m3u8 and barely any other android players can read it). Not having these features makes the app feel a little dated in a way seeing as most stock android players can either support chromecast or have a play to feature. Other than that its a great app would highly recommend to anyone
I use meizu phone before and it has an awesome builtin music app. I bought lg g4 recently as a replacement and i was shocked that my urbanears headphones doesnt sound good. Thank god ive found poweramp and now my headphones sounds amazing again. I used the trial for 5mins and decided to buy the full version right away. This is the best music app for me. ;)
This app is the best, lots of features and most importantly the bass, this app can make any headphones have bass.... literally! use a cheap earbuds like $1 and bass would be amazing. I'm not exaggerating it even make mids and highs better the equalizer is soo gd. I don't consider myself an audiophile still using audio straight from the motherboard instead of using a DAC but believe me ik quality. Also I can tell you most of my songs are 320kbs quality and some are flac  (1000kbs+) I'm using status HD one
More bugs than content, with the multiple purchases to get the full experience it is highly disappointing. But the team is always hard at work, so not a total loss.
I liked this application but I'm looking forward for a wallpaper of Sony Xperia waves can u release it from your end
I really like this app. The standard and community wallpapers are good,  but the real fun is in putting together your own ones.  Doesn't seem too bad on battery, and there are lots of wallpapers (free) to choose from if you don't want to make your own.  Great app.
It was good like a week ago, it was so good I paid for it, now with the recent update most of the awesome wallpapers have been removed???  I want my money back!
Was excited about this app however some of the themes don't work on my google pixel in the latest version of Nougat
Works just fine idk if it's worth the price but I use Google rewards and also it has DBZ themes so 5 stars!
Why we cannot choose,  Songoku and  Wolverine?
Great app works fine for me. Better to download user made themes than making your own. Updates regularly :)
Its one of those linear racing games you just can't put down.  The physics are refreshingly good, the play is straight up, and the devs seem to care by releasing new environments and interesting vehicles often.  UPDATE:  not a fan of the ad movies for coins.  I paid for the game and prefer a clean interface.  Pushing ads or other games in-game seems like bad form.  Otherwise thanks for a great game!
This app is great, it lets you control virtually every piece of technology you own. To all the people saying that it is too confusing, there are too many possibilities with this app to make it simple and user friendly. If you are looking for ease of use go buy an iPhone.
COURTESY NOTE!  If you are unable to download the app, I'll bet you have Utter downloaded as well. Uninstall it backup Utter and you should be good to go!
One of the best app purchases I've ever made - so much control. Needs a UI update though, lollipop and material design came out like 2 years ago.
Definitely needs some love! Lots of services/actions no longer work. Secure settings, which really was Tasker's backbone is deadish, lots of old, good plugins no longer work, settings action no longer reflect the latest Android implementations, common, really common!
And it deserves that title. Only if mobile data would work without root. (IIRC it's an Android issue, not Tasker)
Really handy app. It does everything you wish smart settings would do after you spend an hour trying to figure it how to work it. Not user friendly whatsoever.
There has only been a few of apps that have made me want to throw my phone across the room in frustration. Two are Tasker and Autovoice. If you are a dev, I'm sure this is cool. If you are a normal user, this app will make you crazy trying to figure out. I wish I could go back in time to prevent the frustration these apps have caused. Wasted $20+ thinking it would get better. Why so much hype?
It was hard to justify the $5 price tag but it has served me well. I work at a Verizon Wireless store and our scanner in our office is terrible. This app works WAY better. I would say this is a killer buy if it's on sale, and a good buy at the $5 mark. 5 stars.
I needed a scan app that could scan legal docs in black and white and this popped up.  After I started using it I realized it is waay beter than office lens.  Plus I can save my scans to either Google drive or one drive or Evernote Dropbox whatever!!!!
Can't stand WiFi print scanner machines bc they always time out or lose connectivity. This app solved my scanner problems. Now all I need is a printer app and my office shall be complete 😆
I really like this. I use it to scan my receipts. A couple things I wish it would do is swipe from scan to scan instead of hitting the back button each time. Also, it would be nice to have a sort option to be able to sort it by name, size, date, or however.
Love this. Works well and actually easier than a traditional scanner /fax. Only thing I don't like is you have to pay to actually fax. I mostly use this to email to an eFax so that's free.
A popup for rating every time I open the app, and my only options are Not Now or 5 Stars? I don't think so.
Very upset as the paid version has no added functionality, I want to have the option to password protect the pdf before sending, and ability to sign documents before sending. Very unhappy with this app. They should do better
Very simple, easy to use app. I use out all the time for scanning my expense receipts so I don't have a pile to scan end of the month. This app is great.
Even in various lighting situations like a parked car with shadows, and when your camera angle isn't perfect- this app corrects and produces a clean document on the go!
This is  a  great  app because  it helps  you  get better a lot
Simply amazing!!! I'd give this a 10 star rating if I could! I've been able to play my instrument in tune each day with this app!!!!
I write songs so this is a great way for me know witch note I want to write.
This needs to have the updates that They have already for Apple devices, but besides that, it is a good app to use
Works great on Android 7
I can tune my Clarinet wherever I go!!! This app is great, and worth the cost!!!
Now that the app supports 7.0, it's the best app for tuning and metronome.
It helps me a lot with tuning my violin
Easily the best tuner all out there
I like this app very much and use it daily, there is a sugestion I have though. Is it possible to make a (screen) wake up light within the app? I notice that these (dark) days I'm having a hard time listening to the app in waking up. Furtheron, I'd say it's perfect.
I'd give it 5 stars if I didn't need to have the regular, unpaid Sleep As Android app downloaded in order for the Unlock version to work. Also, I don't use too many of the additional features that help you sleep, the sound machine, etc. I use it mainly as an alarm and to see how much I move around or wake up in the middle of the night.
Sleep recording inconsistent. In one week never successfully record sleeping quality. Two days using Sony sm 3 and killed battery before I get up pebble time from 50%to10% in 10h. Rest with phone but never successfully record whole sleeping. Now today even basic alarm didn't ring.
Before it would work fine with my Pebble. Now if I close the screen with the app open it treats me to a black screen that I can't get out of.... Can't go home, back button won't work, app tray is disabled and I can't pull down the notification bar.... And if I try to restart my phone it just turns off and won't turn back on.... I have to remove the battery and put it back... I can't stand it. Sometimes I need to reply to texts in the middle of the night.. I can't do that now.
A nice developing app in the making. One bug I've noticed is the sound of lullaby is whatever your media volume is set at, in my case it's usually max so it's pretty loud as a lullaby so i have to turn down that volume manually when playing lullaby. would prefer an option to have the lullaby set at a lower volume at startup than have to adjust it to your phone's volume. The wearables app for my gear s3 also is all in one word so it kind of looks cluttered as an icon
I've used this app for a couple years now.  The developers of this app are really on top of things; frequently releasing updates with new features and improvements. Once I had a problem (that ended up being on my end), submitted a help ticket and someone emailed me back within the hour. Very good reliable app.
Yes, I like this app.  I don't use it every night, because, basically, it's not routine yet.  I have noticed that it seems to either reduce to zero, or even just cut off entirely, anything I have playing from my phone.  I'd appreciate an option to turn this off.  I usually have some sort of white noise playing, and I'd like it to continue through the night.  I have also noticed that occasionally, I forget to stop the sleep recording.  I'd like the ability to move the end time back to when I actually woke up.
The ads aren't even that annoying so I give it five stars. Has helped my sleep schedule tremendously and I use it all the time. Love the science and research put on to it's development. Keep improving it, developers!
Had a problem that the licence would not activate, quickly fixed by the Devs👍Back to 5 stars. Fantastic App
Love it!  Disables all the crap we just don't need! Works perfectly, can't fault it.
Encountered issue, but dev responses to email instantly and went above and beyond to help. Highly recommended.
Yay! Finally fixed. It's working again. Thank you so much I can now recommend it again. Great job!
I just bought this, will not install, I have the Latest Ver: 7.1 for Samsung  Android Ver: 6.0.1, Keeps telling me need up date, but says it was Updated Feb, 7, 2017. Well today is Feb, 8, 2017 witch today I bought. I did a uninstall, and then Downloaded it again....Still Lic. Failed....I need some help please.  Thank You,  David C
I was using cracked version before and decide to buy this, i would like to see shortcut for fast enable/disable if possible, it's pain to open the app, wait for loading, search, wait for search and disable and for app that i would like to disable after i finish using it such as nfc billing it's cost my time, shortcut to homescreen for fast enable/disable would be a great additional feature
First galaxy device and I was shocked at the battery drain. This seems to have helped a bunch!!
Bought the license,  now after a couple of months,  licensing server is forbidding my access
The best scanner phone app.  Been listening to scanners for 30 years. In-depth features and settings. Bought the pro version to support the developer. Excellent work.
Performs perfectly everytime i open it. Uses a fair amount of data, so make sure your connected to wifi
Best scanner app I have found. I get all of the local scanners in my area as well as others of my choosing across the country.
I have had questions about the app settings on my phone and the email response was answered with minutes! A very "pro" staff!
The best streaming scanner app!
Best photo editor
Amazing app love it
It's okay. Would be nice to have more control over the final result.
It is the BEST photo app EVER! I can do a lot of editing !  Im an addict user of this app!
Easy to use
Great app for special effects in quick easy steps
A fun way to enhance your Pics!
Great fun, so cool
Wow nice app Great
Works very well with my LG G5 and RCA Maven Pro tablet. I like it a lot. The app is very accurate and pin points my location, which is rather rural. I also like the different themes. This app just keeps getting better and better! The updates are great.
You can not turn off GPS location from the settings. The switch is there, but does nothing. Had to deny GPS permissions in the phone settings. Otherwise it constantly tries to lock on and cause major battery drain issue.
Newest update added some nice features from old version. Still not very professional looking. Has that new "Designed for small children" look to it. If your lucky enough to still have a version before 4.0, keep it, turn auto updates off.
Recent updates have improved the app. But the new, revised interface is confused, badly laid out, using dreadful, dumbed down graphics. I admire the move to the new Google standard but this is a very poor design! And why did you remove the 4x2 widget as well? B- (improved but still work to be done).
Almost perfect now with the transparent 3 day widget. The status bar temp is too small for my eyes and the new widget is turning black on my Nexus 6 and it won't let me uncheck the time on the widget.
Now that we've moved to another town, AccuWeather is much more accurate in locating us. Forecasts are always the most accurate, even weeks in advance. It has a nasty habit of rotating the display on a random basis, despite our screen settings.
The past two update have made it too cluttered to look at and the simple daily descriptions too frilly and wordy. It is not easy to find info quickly anymore. The app used to be great. Not anymore. It is the most accurate I have found, but I will be looking for a better app now.
I paid for this app & I can't even save or share the pictured quotes I create. It acts like it saves them, but when I check my camera roll, nothing. When I try to share them to social media straight from the app, it kicks me back to the app. I'm annoyed that I paid for something I suddenly can't use.
it said it did an update to fix bugs to save pictures but I'm still having issues. I have even restarted phone a few times and still issues.
One font is not working at all but overall I love this app for posting on social media for my business.
Great and easy to use app! Paste text now works!  Please add the option to add watermark b4 save! Thanks for the latest fixes. Thanks for hearing us. You guys are good ironing bugs! Thanks!
Whats going on I noticed without my wifi connection I cant use this app anymore. I need that fixed ASAP. Thank you
It freezes up and you have to shut it down. I paid for an app in hopes it would work when I need it for my business. ***editing*** so a few days after the update the kinks have worked it's self out I guess, back to being a great app again. I do with there were more pics and fonts.
The app is fantastic. It's functional and has nice options. I really with the text resolution was better though. It's pixelated when posted on FB and other places. That fix would give it five stars
Honestly I don't know why everyone it's complaining about the keyboard, I think it it's amazing! I'm glad you just pay for it once, which it's completely worth it. When I'm going engineering problems and need to type in an integral without doing everything by hand, I go to this app every time.
Wolfram has helped me in various situations in studying electrical engineering and its subjects, like advanced calculus, linear signals and systems, physics, among many others. However, the mobile app could be even more useful if the option to "zoom in" on graphs, plots and diagrams - especially in the case of frequency responses (besides only increasing or reducing its range), for instance, displaying break points and their values on a bode diagram. Other than that, it deserves all five stars!
Wolfram alpha has been an invaluable resource to me. The app works great just about every time with the exception of occasional request timeouts. I wish the app would allow pro subscribers to be able to sign in and have similar features in the app as we do in a browser such as seeing detailed up close graphs and being able to view the results in more detail.
Recently purchased Wolfram Alpha for my OnePlus X and am loving it! A lot of resources available, especially helpful for students! Sadly I can't access the menu due to the lack of a hardware settings key... Are there any fixes for this?
This is a cool idea, but I had trouble finding the answer I wanted. I tested it with the question "what alloy is in stainless steel to make it corrosion resistant". Now, I know the answer is chromium. It gave me everything, but the answer of chromium...melting point, hardness, ect...all of the physical properties of it minus chromium, which is what makes stainless steel stainless. I even tried altering my question with no luck.
Their feedback form always fails with a 404 error! 19 out of 20 queries are timing out, so I keep retrying and retrying... Very bitter in a professional app I just paid money for!  It would be better if you locally cache results data for when your servers aren't very responsive. At least allow instant recall of history results from local cache.
OK,  I  admit it,  I  fell for the Star 🌟 Trek computer 💻 line.  Silly me,  huh!?   Fool me once,  it's my bad,  fool me twice it's all on y'all for falsifying what y'all r about.  I found this app under health history info.   Huh?  I found a whole lot of stuff this app is reportedly capable of,  but it can't store my medical history.   This is a problem for me,  folks.   How do I  get a refund?  After finding out all of this,  the thing crashes on me about 2 minutes after install on my Samsung Galaxy N5.
Good for doing abstract math problems and personalized trivia-- that's it. No access to economic, financial and commercial information like NFP, LTE, NHS, commercial paper, corporate debt, or even USDJPY -- one of the world's most liquid financial instruments. What little info there is i cant manipulate at all a simple comparison or correlation coefficient). Limited geo maps.  This app is better than a it was a year ago, but there's still more work to be done than not.
A great service with a terrible app. The interface is clunky and annoying to use, plus the forced keyboard causes for difficulties with typing simple phrases. Overall you're much better off just using the web site from your device's browser.
I stopped using it when I started using root browser but after accidentally updating Angry Birds I could not install APK without updating it. SU installed on recovery detected Knox which I had disabled. anyways thanks to you I was able to install it without the ads which I paid for and they're trying to update me back into the ads. so another 5 stars for a different reason. no matter your problem, highly recommended. S4 I9500 (rooted)
Today, systemless root is finally supported. It's been months since free version had this function already. They can't milk ad revenue from this version so I don't think they care anymore. Please do not buy.
Total bloatware and a poorly designed app overall.  Disappointing, considering I paid money for this version.  The screens are rife with spelling and grammatical errors, and today it tried to activate "Charging Booster" which is a separate app, bundled with this one, apparently without my knowledge or permission.  Charging Booster accomplishes nothing except displaying ads to the user.  What the heck?
To the development team. I have used this app for years and I have never seen it this bad. I have always paired ES File explorer with es task manager but it no longer works together. ES task manager had a bug where it no longer recognizes that I have ES file explorer. The cache cleaner no longer works!!! Many features no longer work properly and are buggy! Very disappointed! I love this app and really hope you guys fix these bugs!. My device is Moto G4 Plus. Thank you.
I love this explorer. It's the 1st app I install on any phone so I made it one of the 1st apps I purchased but you guys are not paying attention to the premium customers and that's crap. Updates like once in 6 months whiles the free version gets constant updates... that's some BS you know
I didn't even bother to read what the paid version had to offer.. Just wanted to support you guys for the awesome work.. EDIT: Okay! Maybe I overestimated ES a bit too much. Lost a folder that had over 100 pictures while trying to move it. Dafuq? Totally disappointed. To top it all, they're updating the free version, but not this one which all of us have paid for. So pissed.
The pro version is an absolute rip off! The dev never updates it and the UI is completely different. This actually really pisses me off. I wish that I could just get a refund. This dev doesn't deserve my money when he doesn't care enough to update as often as the free version and include the same features! He makes more money from the ads so he doesn't care about this app.
Asks to install 7zip plugin which fails. Googling didn't find me any solutions. Is good that it appears designed for actual pros, people who use computers for a living and want an uncluttered interface rather than gimmicks, and rather than being called 'pro' just because it's a paid version.
People, READ the description!  There's a simple work around for the security lock! Also  bootloop issue is caused by sn SD card and WIFI issue... NOT Foxfi!! Remove battery and SD card to stop bootloop, turn  device on (bootloop will stop) Disable wifi search in device settings. Keep this disabled when powering off and it will no longer bootloop. Replace your SD card and you're good to go. Please do your research b4 blaming a great developer in his app comments!
My phones internet provider wouldn't let me use the hotspot WiFi function on my phone. They wanted me to pay extra for it. I just downloaded this app and it works now. I was using the WiFi function but recently it stopped working properly. No worries I used the usb tethering and it's even better and works flawlessly. I clicked on usb tethering and it directed me to a website to download the file I needed for my pc. Perfect. I really am so happy I bought this. This is my favorite app when I'm away from home.
Please work around the new android 4.4 update that keeps us from using it. My husband and I have used this for more then a couple of years and just love the app would love to rate it as a 5!! But with the update we are now at a lost as to what we are going to do since we are on the road a lot working. The tethering won't work since he has and ipad. And we cannot get the bluetooth to work either. :-(
It worked great before Verizon's upgrade to Jellybean 4.1.2 not is just stops after a few seconds. Verizon is blocking it... 6 weeks later it is working again, only issue is my phone won't charge if i'm using the wifi hot stop... very strange...
I re-downloaded the app using the purchased version i bought last year. When i am trying to activate the hot spot it asks me to set up a lock pin even though I have one, and it continually asks me to "confirm pin". Seriously,  I confirmed my pin 15 times and it is not doing anything differently.  Galaxy Note III
I purchased the full version a few years ago and I have an older unlimited Verizon plan so using it when traveling worked great for connecting my laptop and smart tv for watching movies. I believe Verizon has stopped so I would need to buy additional wifi add on with them. I call for a class action lawsuit!
I have yet to find another tethering app that works at all... so that's why I'm still using this one. Every time I want to use it I have to set up a pass code and set certificates. And you can't use it without putting a pass code on your device... SUPER annoying and really hope they fix it. I use to love this app...
Purchased this app last night worked incredibly great for about three hours straight. I was playing on Xbox live, and streaming videos through Netflix. The next morning nothing. Won't connect at all. Tried turning my phone off, taking it the battery, reconfiguring the network, uninstalling and redownloading the app.. but nothing seems to work. Highly impressed until this morning, guess it's a waste of money.	Sprint Galaxy SIII
Just like a bunch of other users I have had this app for a couple years now (bc I too have unlimited data through Verizon) and LOVED it. Ive never had an issue til this morning 11-22-2015. I turned off my foxfi app last night (like I normally do) so my phone could charge faster and I went to turn it on today and nothing It just keeps searching for mobile hotspot. Please fix the issue I know many of us users would appreciate it.
I used to have this app for ios and loved it, the stats were display really well. I like being able to see my average times spread in the graph but also an average number underneath with all the times from UK and the world. Seeing that number was really good because it gave you a better idea of how much sleep you got etc. I just think the layout is a bit messier. I've also realised that when I first wake up I've been turning it off and started another cycle so I end up with two, don't know if that's this app or the new phone. I hope I learn to love this version as it's a great app with tracking your sleep and having all the notes really helps as well!  EDIT the design has been updated to just like the ios version which is much cleaner and easy to use!
First I thought it would work the same way it works on iphone but it's totally different. Biggest difference for me was that you can't use microphone for motion detecting and I can't put my phone on the bed.  Now I know you are investigating the possibilities for having motion detection with microphone on the Android version of Sleep Cycle. As soon as you get that implemented you will get a better rating.
Best alarm app I've ever used, I've had Android alarm before worked till my body got use to it and never worked after. This every time I use it works perfectly taking you out of sleep and letting you nap but waking before going deep letting your brain rest so you don't wake up with feeling stressed. I'm not sure if these guys use a more complicated system to wake you but works I recommend to anyone even a super heavy sleeper like me.
During the morning alarm, it does not play the alarm noise, only vibrates the phone. While this is inconvenient it is not a real breaker as it still tends to wake me up, just later. Finally I believe it may be related to my phone being set to do not disturb so I am not woken up by other notifications.
I am downloading this a second time. It worked great, as it says, waking me in the lightest phase of sleep. Then it just stopped working - turning itself off on the middle of the night. Here's hoping the cache is cleared and it starts working well again.
Really sad that the Android version is not on par with the iOS one. Have had the app since launch, but switched to Android recently. The main missing features for me are the lack of microphone and Philips hue integration. Looking forward to being able to use this on here.
Edited: This 'delete' function works GREAT now on the most recent update. Totally recommend, thank you for listening to feedback. A+!  It works really well, WHEN it works. I am running the most recent version and it will not let me delete days. This means the app is stuck in a loop of still counting the same 'day', so my sleeping time is something like 9 days. Because it doesnt reset, it doesnt work the next night for some reason. Will update with 5 stars again if this is resolved, but the app is unusable in its current state.
Easy to setup and seems to support everything. Includes some great features not found elsewhere.
Best app for quickly setting up my ip cams, best for Dev. Response,  setup to auto launch and record at night on my phone,
Very easy to use
This is by far the best app for your webcams. I have turned 3 old phones into baby monitors with this app. It's easy to use, very reliable and completely stable. I have the phones on 24/7 running this app and there are never any issues. If you have webcams you need this app!
Three stars because it's so difficult to contact the developer. App was working fine until last update, now when opening any camera, it's zoomed in 100% and you only see a portion of the full camera. What am I doing wrong???
Can be a bit temperamental on PTZ can only get it to work on home network even after it finds my cameras P2P UID Number by using the IP address setting .  Picture is good and presets are Handy
Problem since last update. It takes about 5 to 10 seconds for the video to start showing. This problem started as soon as I updated to the latest version.
Very nice intuitive user interface and appearance.  It's not perfect but well worth the money.  If you find it cannot connect with your vehicle or if an enhanced PID that you want does not work for your vehicle, then try Car Gauge Pro (best for Ford) or Dash Command (best function but expensive).  Torque Pro would not display CMP Retard PID for my 2001 Blazer.  Torque Pro would not connect at all to my 2006 Pontiac G6 (1st year CANBUS).  Torque Pro would not display wheel sensor speeds (ABS) on my 2008 Ford Ranger.  Still, I would always start with Torque Pro on a new vehicle if I did not know.
Great app, the ability to view GPS tracks with second-by-second engine data is remarkable! However the speed shown on the mapping software is ALWAYS in kph rather than mph, regardless of what you select in the options, rendering it more difficult to interpret for British users. Reading the Torque Pro forums this has been an active glitch for over twelve months which really needs a fix! Currently four stars but easily has capability of five stars for such a great app.
Awesome app, not just scan for codes, but also shows everything about the car, performance,  engine ,GPS speed, temperature. hp,torque etc. Way too many things to check for, can be used for racing monitor too. Now days you have to pay higher price for it to install on your car, like Mustang gt,camero ss, corvette.  Now this only cost you $5 so buy it, you won't be disappointed.
Love this app and use it all the time. How about integration with Android Auto so vehicle information, real time sensor data, and error codes can be presented safely when car mode is enabled?  There appears to be a place for this integration to connect on the Android Auto home screen (last icon on the lower right).
Found the free version did what I needed and helped with my problem. Bought the full version because it's only right to reward the person that created it when it has actually been useful. The full version is really configurable, all worked perfectly with the Torque Pro BT OBD device
I purchased a Bluetooth OBD2 reader and downloaded the Lite version some time ago. After a few uses, I upgraded to the Pro. Seemed like a small thing I could do to show my appreciation for this app. The combo of the app and reader has helped me troubleshoot issues on my own car as well as friends/family vehicles before potentially spending hundreds of dollars or causing more damage by continuing to drive.
I'm a guy who doesn't like to pay for apps generally if I can help it (boo). However, this is one app I am more than happy to pay in full and keep around. It's not everyday I use it but when required, it's there, it's a great tool to have. The owner is innovative in features, and honestly just want to solve a problem. It's rare to find these apps so I share it to all my car friends. Keep up the great work.
Im using the pro version and I wish I could tune my car's ECM and TCM in this app. But besides that, im loving it. I don't see this issues anymore, but I dont know if this app made my driver instrument display put the message error in it or if it was the OBD Link LX obd2 reader? I believe the update fixed and prevented that error message.
Not all of them. Great podcast player and well worth the money. Their patch notes are hilarious which means a lot to me. Free syncing across devices and it backs up all your podcasts. Fairly frequent updates. It runs smoothly and is virtually bug free. I could not reccomend it more. I am a voracious podcast listener. The only podcast player that I have found to be better is "Downcast. on IOS. However this is a strong second and by far the best podcast player on Android. Thank you, keep up the hard wo
I am an avid podcast listener, I listen to about an hour and a half to two hours worth of podcasts each day, but over the past 3 weeks or month the app has this issue where the screen shows that the podcast is still playing, but no sound is coming through the speakers on the phone. I have not had any issues with sound with any other apps . I have tried to quit the app from my multitasking menu, play and pause the podcast repeatedly. Nothing seems to work except when I stop using the app for a few hours.
While Pocket Casts lacks some of the fine-grained playlist automation of BeyondPod, the extremely clean, responsive and well thought out interface along with the syncing feature easily make up for it. Support is quick and helpful on Twitter. All of the bugs I've reported we squashed and the handful of features I've wanted but neglected to request were still implemented anyway. Finally the changelogs are both detailed and amusing to read. A big plus in my book.
I'll change my review once someone can explain this. How do I get this app to keep playing unheard podcasts instead of stopping after every single one? And don't tell me to long press and add each one to a playlists. There has to be a faster way.
Since a few updates, I'm having playback issues: sometimes podcast restart at the beginning and when you try to move foward it starts it again. Sometimes the playback failed and deletes the podcast before my workday. Please fix this issue, otherwise very functional UI, simply need the fundamental fixes. Will use Podcast Addict in the meanwhile.
I need variable speed playback on videos and while streaming, alternatively, allow external players. Can't make this my podcast app until then. My phone has a light theme and notification player controls is hardly visible.
Stops Stops randomly on my Nexus 7 and the only way I can get it to play again is a reboot.    This was the first real podcast player I have paid for so I don't want to just delete and move on but don't know how to debug the problem.  No clear answer came up on my Google search.  I checked and I have the updated version.
Brilliant app... couldnt ask for better really.  Easily find, download/import podcasts, listen and delete when done. All in a wonderful simple and intuitive interface and modern design. Never crashes. Great playback options, auto download and delete facilities. One improvement i would love to see is the timed fastforward and rewind buttons being added on my s7 lock screen.
Easy and accurate! A must have for fisherman.
So having already paid for app, I get to deal with ads now too?  I loved the app previously.
It worked great but now it won't let me even open.  What's going on?
Works great
I wish when the app updates you wouldn't lose your waypoints!
Helped me navigate Buchanan very well
Sunrise farm Kingston Mass
This is the only occasion where my young kids are genuinely interested that Dad knows that W = Tungsten or Hg = Mercury.  It was probably the only time I could play Tom Lehrer's Elements song without incurring a rebellion.
This game starts out fun, but gets boring and repetitive. Can Toca Boca give me a refund please? This felt like a waste of three dollars.
Great app with spot on design for small children and amazing graphics. I think people asking for more detailed element information missed the point completely. It's not about teaching kids chemistry, it's about stimulating their curiosity and imagination through play.
It is very fun, but not as informative as I had hoped. It needs a real periodic table to compare it to? And why is gold a blob and not more solid.... it could be more accurate.  But I do love helium and how it laughs!
The game itself is good and just as enjoyable as the iOS version, but it won't run under a restricted profile on my Nexus 7. It downloads and installs alright. I can even set the restricted profile to allow access to the program, but because the program seems to need to download additional files for any other profile that uses it, the restricted profile is unable to download those files and is therefore unable to run it.
Such a waste. I'd like a refund for this ridiculousness. I would've given more stars if you simply NAMED THE ELEMENTS. Such a massive flaw! This is just a mindless tool to keep toddlers anti-bored.
Like everybody else I want a refund. This game is just fake and not super educational. I got this game to learn. I didn't learn anything. Please give everybody back their money or give them back most of it.
This game kinda needs more to it what happens when you get all the characters delete it and waste money? The character's need names instead of In, P, Gr, Os,and more but, Mo should keep his name it works great for him!!!Besides that it's fun!!!
I absolutely love that you added pixel launcher features to this launcher. However, it would be so much better if you add a setting to adjust the position of the pixel style search bar because for me, it is just too close to the notification bar and looks a bit odd. It would also be nice to have the google now shortcut from the left side of the home screen just like in Pixel phones. Those key features are what's keeping me from giving 5 stars, but nonetheless this is still the best launcher ever.
Awesome app. Saves your home screen settings and organizes apps so that you don't lose your mind due to Android's cluttered way of handling apps. One of the best features is the ability to lock the home screen (and easily open it by long pressing a button) so that your icons don't disappear to other screens (or nowhere), as they are wont to do on Android. I was about 1 day from giving up on Android and defecting to the iPhone when I found this app!
Love it! Just checking in to say that this is indeed still the best launcher. I got my husband to use it, and he's an ex iPhone user that refuses to modify the "vanilla experience". He loves it too. He was sold when I pointed out that he won't have to get used to new random crap with phone updates lol. Simple to use but as feature rich as you want it to be. Great stuff! Keep it up, you're consistently awesome.
I have always preferred Android for the ability to customize, but the last time I got a new phone (Samsung Galaxy S5), I was lazy and didn't bother digging into my options. After a friend introduced me to Nova, I seriously cannot believe I used the default launcher for so long. I tested the free version, which got me hooked, so of course I had to buy pro to have access to all the features. It is a great value, because it makes every interaction with my phone more efficient. Indispensable.
I love this launcher. It gives one of the best UI experience. I have found an issue that keeps interfering many times. Whenever I use whatsapp for long chats, the keypad will become completely black. But the keys will work. If exit the app, then also it persists. If I exit whatsapp and then use it in a different app, then keypad doesn't pop up. I have to forcefully stop the keypad app in the system settings and start all over again. Idk whether it is OS issue or the nova launcher issue. Fix it plz.
I've been using Nova Launcher Prime for the past 4 years  and I've never been happier with an Android launcher. The best part of it is that you can arrange the speed of opening apps and you can customize icons and resize widgets just the way you want them. The Nova Launcher is very fast and it sure is much better than touch wiz for Samsung. I used Nova Launcher on the Galaxy s4 for 2 years and I'm currently using it on my Note 5 which has been 2 years also. I definitely recommend this for Samsung users.
Latest update broke app. Unable to login. Paid $2.99 for something that is 100% unusable less than two weeks later.   It would be one thing if they at least sent out an email informing users of precisely what issue is, and the ETA on it being fixed...but they didn't even do that.
This app worked great until the latest update... says I'm scheduled, but when I click on a scheduled shift, it goes to the a.m. shift, won't show p.m. and says I'm not working??! Figure it out, quickly please.... this is peoples' jobs your messing with here.
What is going on i paid for this app and it keeps having issues I want to be able to see my schedule for work! It keeps saying no employee id and also that I am not connected to the Internet. I went on the website instead and it clearly works fine with my login information so fix this because again I had to pay for this.
This app constantly does weird stuff on me. Yeah, the idea is great but the actual usage is awful. It constantly logs me out. When I try to repeatedly log back in, the app will not display anything. I even turn my phone on and off, am fully connected to wifi, and the app still says that I'm not connected to internet and still will not display anything and just boot me out.
It seems as though I'm not the only one having this issue. Log in only works 10% of the time, and when I do get there, I'm given an error message almost immediately.
This app was working fine for me on my s6 active. now that I upgraded to an s7 active I am getting an error that says no employee found for id. Yes I do have the most up to date version
It seems everyone I work with have a problem with this app. Droid and iPhone have the same issues. I can never log in, says my ID doesn't exist even though I've been using this for 4 years. Once I do get logged on it will be blank at the main screen not loading up my schedule. This needs to be fixed, kinda new it for work, pretty important.
This app was working great, but this most recent update has made it unusable. It sometimes doesn't let me sign in, but when it does, it says I have no internet connection. On WiFi and 4G it says this. I even uninstalled and reinstalled, nothing changed. I really hope this issues gets fixed, as I had to pay for this.
Rated 1 star because I loved it when it worked but this recent update broke the app. Thought it was just me, did all the regular crap to try and fix it but no avail.  Can't even use the website, now it's telling me my email address doesn't exist in the system and that my login is wrong even though I've been using it for weeks now. Need this for work and paid for it so I'd appreciate it being fixed ASAP. It's a great app when it's WORKING. Super inconvenient. PLEASE FIX IT.
Like another user, I have a Sony Xperia compact Z5 and after the most recent android update I can longer hear anything, even with the volume turned up. All my other music apps work fine. I only bought this app a few days ago, but am considering refunding if this issue is not fixed soon. Normally this is a great app with so much functionality. Please fix the audio issue.
UPDATE: Dev replied to this comment within minutes. I'm glad I bought this player :) It seems that the new 4.3 ROM update for my Nexus 4 is causing the bug. I'll wait for the workaround. Thanks guys! --- I cannot access any of my playlists! What is going on?! Folders work fine, playlists are there (I can add files to the playlists), but when I hit the library button at the top, nothing happens. PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP.
This is easily the best music player for Android. I bought the full version ages ago and haven't regretted it since. Excellent control of tone. Works excellently with my Sony BT headphones (MDR-ZX550BN if anyone is wondering), and not all music apps did. Super reliable, never crashes. Keeps my library well organized. Used this on Nexus 5, Nexus 7 2013, and my old HTC Desire Z, and before that Desire C, all without issues! So basically I've used it in Android 3, 4, 5 and now 6 without issues! Amazing!
Got my S4 updated to 5.0.1 Lollipop and Poweramp not working as expected. It stops playing when there is a notification. The Sleep timer doesn't work as it turns off the player in a min or 2 when set. Also license issue as it was telling to purchase it but luckily this bug was there was a couple of days only..  If all the above bugs are resolved then its really worth 5stars app as earlier it was..
My observations. 1) This is the best music player I found after a lot of research. 2) I did a 1 hr experiment on battery consumption on this and other players by playing continuous music. Result: This player has drained 4% less battery than other players 3) It directly opens your folders having music files. 4) UI is very simple and powerful to adjust Bass/Treble/Stereo. 5) Very user friendly. BUT this does not play Videos...I suggest Developers to INCLUDE VIDEO PLAY CAPABILITY ALSO.
There's no other music player like it. The sound you get after tweaking the EQ is superb! The only improvements that I could think of would be to make the shuffle feature more random. It seems like the music is shuffled in the same order every time you use the player. It would also be nice to prevent playing songs that have already played even though you have closed the music player once. Finally, making selected album art permanent to the file as metadata along with any other changes to song or album info.
I've been using the app for 3 years now and I really like it. One thing should be improved to get a full 5 star rating. When playing the items from the queue can you add an option that after they were played they get removed from the list and when the list is empty the previous playlist continues?
You keep changing the entire way the app works which changes the way I learn a song from one day to the next and makes thing extremely difficult, more from the app than the song. Pick a method and stick to it. Otheriwse we paid for excessive complication which is ridiculous
It's great if you're willing to spend the cash. But how would you feel if you had to pay to download the Spotify app and then had to pay a subscription for the service. The website is allready free and the service I thought I was paying for when downloading the app was only a free trial for a subscription portion of the app that is allready asking for cash to download
I've used this app for a long time and like it, but it just woke me up at 2:45am with a push notification hawking some promo and there's no way to turn these (or any other) notifications off.
Works great now! I had my problem resolved. Works well.
This app has really been helpful in developing my playing while singing skills. Hasn't let me down yet!
My app updated automatically and the new update sucks!😣 I really enjoyed the previous version.
Lost my favorites when updating the app.. The app in itself is nice, but that was a real downer :(
A great add on! Just curious, will the better drain faster with this app!?
Such a great live wallpapers app. Can't wait to make my own!
A great app makes the wallpapers stand out. Lovely.
I like it a lot. Works very well on my LG G5. Very cool.
Nice app
Theme wont applied
Does not show up in wallpaper options on s7 or s7 Edge
Really like flash point but it was removed ):
Pretty good.... But it's need more picture.
This is better than the second. If it isn't broken, don't try to fix anything.   If you're wanting a nice enjoyable time download and play. Weather you're in for a quick game or the long haul, you'll find yourself entertained.   This one is far better than the second. Grinding and waiting so long for the rewards just isn't worth it.  Here, you'll find a reasonable grind for coins and unlocking the other vehicles, with the option to purchase if you choose. Personally I'm much more likely to make a purchase when I do not feel baited or forced into it.  Now I appreciate your having gotten this far, but why are you still reading? Download and get your game on already.
I liked the old version better. The garage they just want you to spend money for the jewels to get boxes and have to get a million cards just to upgrade anything worth while. Why cant I use my coins that I have worked so hard to accumulate to buy the upgrades just like before?  Please make it easier to get jewels or cards. I am currently on chassis level 11 on the jeep and to get to the next level I need over 100 cards. Ridiculous.
Love this game. Would rate it at 5 stars but i had 1.5 million in coins I saved up to buy the truck i wanted and some upgrades. I clicked on Santa's sleigh by accident and it bought it automatically.  It should have a " are you sure you want to purchase this" before it automatically buys it. Also should add the option to sell vehicles you no longer want or use. Than I will rate 5 stars.
Loved this game and spent many happy hours collecting cars etc. Then the "garage" update happened. And now it's rubbish. A stupid system of upgrades reliant on card drawing luck, building low performance cars that add nothing to the game and cannot get close to performance of an upgraded stock car. And gems? Ask my a**e...
This was a favorite of mine until the garage update.  The customization is horrible, and the performance of the vehicles is worse.  Fingersoft ruined the game.  Uninstalling (and that's after spending money on coins, gems and crates)  I don't want this cancer on my phone, and am considering never downloading anything by fingers again.  It's that bad.
Love this game, downloading it for the second time after not playing it for a while. Also spent cash for the second time on this one and first time on hill climb racing 2. Favorite games from Fingersoft. Only having one issue. When asked to watch a video for bonus coins or gems, sometimes won't start video and when I choose to watch a video for 15000 coins sometimes it makes me watch the video without my coins being given to me. Other than that golden and do what you do. :-)
This game USED to be great. Now they have this custom feature enabled for over 2 months and it is a colossal waste of time (and money if you so choose). You have to get these playing cards to increase levels and even with functiona at level 11 (out of 15) the vehicles completely underperform. The physics are screwy and its just not fun anymore
Its really great, but the garage update seems super cool but I can't figure out how to use it. Can someone please post a link to an instructional video? All I can find Are videos of showing how it's done with loud obnoxious dubstep music. I need someone to explain it to me, not stupid outdated dub step accompaniment.
The gas pedal often won't work. Really sucks. But over all, a good game Super fun and realistic physics but sometimes the pedals don't work very well. I'll be holding the gas and it goes up and down. Otherwise I'd give it more stars. Please fix...
While the UI may not be as user friendly as some other automation apps and the learning curve may be too steep for some this is without a doubt the powerful automation app in the store. Watch a few tutorials on YouTube to aid you in learning how to navigate the app and you'll soon be on your way to automating virtually task on your device. Tasker is the best automation app hands down.
Right now I hate this app, had it a few days watched hours of tutorials, and it's still not doing the simple things I'm asking it to do. Like go into night mode between a certain time, turn off auto brightness, set brightness to 1. Alert me that my battery is full when it gets to 100% (this worked briefly)  The interface isn't very smart, it also has a bug (mentioned on youtube) where a text box opens under the keyboard (turn phone on side as a work around)  Lots of tutorials available from years ago, not sure they're so relevant these days.   I'd be happy to receive a refund.  Rooted Oneplus 3T (Nougat)
can be frustrating to figure out, but it works really good.  constantly pinging my location to do my tasks doesn't seem to take as much battery as u might think.
Sprinting cool I prefer a little more brainlessness like Automateit I prefer automagic the need to simplify Tasker testers very old it's just came around the very beginning of android really needs to be updated needs to be updated drastically
OK major problem I need extra storage but I can't uninstall tasker cause it won't let me deactivate admin it just crashed please fix immediately.
Restoring my backup file shows an error. Both backup file and Tasker are the same version 4.9u4. How to fix it? The content looks fine to me when opening it in an editor
Spend the time to learn how to use it and you'll be able to accomplish almost anything. Worth purchasing along with some of the plugins, and rooting your device! Want an emergency SMS phone finder code? A location based battery saver? SMS auto responder based on short codes? Even a basic password generator!
Great app. A portable scanner when I need to file things, PDF and organise my paperless life. Use often I ended up paying for pro for the developers work.
Great app and very easy to use. Great performance and great quality scans. The only quibble I have is not being able to change the default page size setting.
After taking a pic... "THE PROGRAM APPEARS UNUSUAL BE ABOUT TO EXIT." Please fix ASAP
It keeps crashing I can't scan anything and I have the pro version. Waste of money! Can the it people please contact me
Brilliant app, but when i choose to save the image in colour, it changes it to greyscale? Very frustrating :/
I used the free version for a bit and it works really really well.  Very fast, no ads, all good.  I got the Pro version because it is a bit handier to drop all the files on to my dropbox directly.
See above
Best tuner app - fully featured and easy to use.
Love this app always use it for metronome and tuning
This app can do almost anything
It's pretty good I guess and stuff
This is so helpful for concerts or profomaces.
Best tuning app out there
Needed something I wouldn't be able to sleep through as I've become accustomed to my previous alarm apps.  Only concern is that it seems to give the exact same weather report each morning, regardless of what the actual weather is.
Alarm will go off (vibrate) on my Moto 360 Gen2 watch couple minutes after snoozing (10 minutes) the alarm on my phone, and worst of all my watch is on the charging dock the entire time.
I didn't expect it to be so good. I can monitor my sleep and see how much I slept each night, the quality of my sleep etc. Most importantly the alarm wakes you up when it detects a movement, so that you can wake up naturally. It's great!
The app is good when it works.  I have a Nexus 6P and having this app installed slows it down so much and caused my phone to freeze up entirely a few times. I decided to factory reset because I didn't know about safe mode. After adding apps and using them for a bit one at a time I narrowed the cause down to this app.  I paid for the unlocked and have used this app for about 6 months.  I hadn't used it since before Android 7 but the next day my phone was useless. Something about this app is not compatible
It was useful until I changed the phone, I had it backing up on Drive and it just uploaded the new empty file over my old logs leaving me with nothing... Without what I had there is no point for me to continue using it. Also the settings are horrific place to be, not friendly at all. But still one of the better sleep tracking out there.
SERIOUS OVERHEATING PROBLEMS WITH THIS APP. ALMOST MELTED MY PHONE. LUCKILY I WOKE UP AT 3AM TO TERMINATE THE APP. AVOID THIS APP!  WASTE OF MONEY! NOT FIT FOR PURPOSE!
I will give this app 5 stars as soon as band 2 can track heart rate! ( probably more microsoft's fault... ) Edit: last update has made band 2 disconnect from app as soon as auto sleep detection kicks in on microsoft health app!
Still has a licensing issue. Can't log in, can't deactivate.
7.o update failed....contacted the dev who pushed out 7.1 and resolved the issue quicky 👌👌👌👌
Scam useless wasting money cant use for theme
The dev fixed it. Thanks. Great app. Hope that it will work now without problems.
Stopped working altogether, but quick update fixed it.
Thank you dev! With this app, no need to root my phone anymore.
Got New version working again by Unstalling the app then installing it through the Web browser and presto works again.
Fixed - working again
Awesome
Just great.  That's it.
Best photoediting app
Awesome app.....thank you
Great!
Love it!
Brilliant
UPDATED 12/28/16: nice redesign with easy to read temp charts and daily high/lows. Using on Nexus and Pixel phones now. ORIGINAL REVIEW in 2014: I've used TWC app for years and years...until they made it an advertising app with a little bit of weather. Uninstall! The AccuWeather app has come a long way since I checked it out last. The UI is very pretty and it provides all the weather info I need. Awesome on Moto X and DROID MAXX!
Loved it until I started getting glitches and now it won't save any of my images... I don't wanna uninstall it cuz I don't wanna pay for it again when the problem is on their end.
Saw this app on iPhone and have been a fan ever since. Still needs more templates n stuff but still a very good app. Also the icon needs a change though. Looks so generic iphoneish.
I was coming here to gripe about a bug on the update, and it looks like you already fixed it. Thanks!
Freezes every time I use it  won't save images. Samsung Galaxy s5
I use this app almost everyday for my business and have loved it! But now it is telling me it is not licensed with Google play and i can no longer use the app.
Recently I've been having an issue on all my devices where the picture disappears while editing. Whelp!
I use the app to quickly post creative marketing photos for my business on social media.  It has enough to make it versitile, quick, easy and light.
Can no longer save to device, nor can we share in text message to save that way... Fix! Or give us our money back
Ask it for statistical operations on a set of data. Or information about chemical mixtures. Or a few other things that I have spent longer trying to get wolfram to understand than it would have taken me to look up the equations and do then myself. This is barely more powerful than a Google search bar, if that.
Quite literally the best math app! I'm studying engineering and this is my go-to app to check if I did everything right. That's this app's strong point, it shows you the steps it took! My only complaint is it doesn't comply with Material Design. If it weren't for that, it would be perfect for sure!
This was one of the more pricier apps in the play store, so I at least expect an app with more time and thought put into the interface. The UI is outdated, and the keyboard is a pain to use. A simple keyboard with an expandable feature would be much easier to use.
While Wolfram Alpha is quite powerful and useful, the keyboard in this app is difficult to navigate. Two boards with several layers makes it hard to remember where some symbols are located. More focus needs to be paid to UX (and UI for that matter... no application should have 3/4 of the screen real estate dedicated to a keyboard).
Why should I pay for such useless "English" parsing features... Cannot be used in ANY strict scientific problem. The FREE Wolfram Cloud can be plenty of times up it!
This is a great app and I hope to use it more.  The interface could be a bit more user friendly.  Imagine a graphing scientific calculator, computer algebra system, and search engine all in the same package.
This is one of the best apps for managing all your files especially if your device is rooted. Some functionality is lost if your device isn't rooted, even then it is still very useful. It works perfectly, does everything the description says it does, doesn't force close or slow down the phone. All the plug-ins work perfectly and I use them all the time. This is one of the first apps I install when ever I get a new phone. I would recommend it to anyone. More theme choices would be nice to see.
I think there fake positive reviews out there.Very few apps at out there gets 4.7 .Google please verify these reviews are true and correct.  Save your data better app on your device with more features free.Hey don't tell anyone there's no such thing as a cellphone their our LIVES©KARLTON
The free version was already the best file app I had ever used. Decided to go pro just to support the Developers since I had used the product for so many years. All of the minor issues I didn't even realize I had with the app are gone! Honestly, there's no other file manager that comes close to ES. Thanks for the great product!
I can upload to gDrive, no prob. Cannot get "sync to cloud" to do anything....not much info in help docs, and would love to see a manual sync option. This has been my default file explorer since day one, and I love the app. Though it seems to be getting slower.....maybe too many "extras" being built into it?
Best file manager/explorer app in Android ecosystem. Love this app. Uesed to use the free version then after using it for arround three years brought this paid version. No other app can give you this much of features. And everyone them works. Just love the app and Es Global.
I've been using ES for almost 5 years now, noticed within the past year that more bloat and popups/ads etc. were appearing in it. I get you guys made a great app and need to live, so I bought the pro version. Have a great holiday and keep up the good work!
Fantastic with great interface. Using it on my tablet, it has to be rooted to do a lot of things, but when i installed this on my moto g4 it became my most used app very quickly. Not much improvement over free version, but I got this for 10p so im not complaining.
Why Can't I edit and save text files in External SD Card even after giving write permission using Document app. Whenever I try to save it shows "Error occurred while trying to save the file" Is this what I paid for? Kindly fix ASAP.
Why pay for an Internet service provider AND a cell phone? I stream Netflix and download files using my Galaxy 6 on a Unlimited Internet plan with Cricket. Can't use the WiFi hotspot feature because they block it but tethering works great. Best $7 I ever spent.
I have now been using foxfi for several months. I have upgraded my phone from an lg optimus to an lg optimus fuel and it worked great. Since i had already purchased of course it was free to reinstall on new phone through my google play. I havent had any problems tethering. Bluetooth and wifi however didnt work with either of my optimus phones.. Great App..Love It!!
For how long? As soon as I downloaded it and started using it, Sprint sent me a security update 15 minutes later. It's like they know what's happening. Or, maybe it's a coincidence. Either way no matter what happens I love this app and I wish I could rate it with even more stars. You guys are doing an awesome job, keep up the good work. :)
This app has been my internet for the past 4 years, but unfortunetly on 11/20/2015 my carrier released a silent update that made wifi hotspot apps and services on my phone. I have heard FoxFi has been working on a work around since the update came out. Hopefully this issue will soon be resolved.
This app worked as advertised when I had Android 4.3 on my Droid RAZR Maxx HD.  However, just installed 4.4, and WiFi hotspot does not work now.  But, I am confident that the developers are working on it and will push out another update, as they did for the S5 and other Android phones.
Have being using for several years now and had been flawless. Note II and galaxy S3 stopped working with Verizon's new update... Please fix great app.   Update Upgraded to Samsung Note II and have used FoxFi without any issues. Updated to KitKat on 5/13/2014 and figured I would be losing a great app, but it updated without any problems. The first time it did give a Verizon data message but after that it's been working great.
Recently switched from  Samsung galaxy s3 to Samsung note 3 and now I can't activate the hot spot like normal. I realize there may be another way to perform the same task but I liked the simplicity of being cordless and the click of one button. Now I am unsure how to set it up but I do know it does not just get the check in the box to activate it.
I just got a Samsung Galaxy S4 and installed my FoxFi with the key I purchased. When I try to activate my hotspot, it prompts me to call AT&T to set up a hotspot with them.  Will there be an update to fix this??  Before this happened, I would have given 5 stars for sure.  Awesome app when it works.
Right now I use the Bluetooth and USB mode on my laptop and my brothers galaxy tab 3. They work fine but it would be nice if I could use the hotspot mode so I could use it on anything I want with WiFi. I have the Galaxy S4 running 4.3 with the Sprint unlimited to life. "I'm a zombie" 'zombie guy on Sprint commercial'
Very useful for sleep tracking and works pretty well. My one complaint is that it seems like the iOS version gets more updates and has more features than its Android counterpart. Edit: We got 'em, thanks guys!
I think the old UI got so ingrained in my daily routine that I miss it. But, this objectively a nice fresh coat of paint, and a reliable app. Can one recalibrate without resetting the data? To sleep on different beds, per se?
This app was once my only option for Brown Noise maker.  It no longer works as of 1/19/2017 due to interruptions in the sound.  I hope they patch this ASAP, or I won't have very good sleep for a while.
I've not been sleeping well due to a cold so I downloaded this app last night. Last night I had one of the worst nights sleep in months. I woke several times in cold sweats. Got out of bed. Had the light on. Must have only slept three hours. App tells me that I had 92% sleep and I was asleep all night for 10 hours. Obviously the app doesn't work at all. Avoid this. Save your money and time.
The snooze is waaaay too sensitive. It goes into snooze mode before I even wake up from the alarm. I've been late 2 times this week because it automatically snoozed before I woke up. Have had this app for 3 years and this hasn't been an issue until now.
This app worked great until the update. I love seeing my sleep patterns. Unfortunately since the update it stops calculating during the night. I've had to reload the the app a couple of times...which makes me loose my history. Ugh. The worst is the alarm doesn't consistently sound anymore so I'm having to use my phone alarm. Prior to update, my rating was a 5. Please fix this!
Latest update is unstable... freezes my phone up, have to restart. Before that worked great
Thank you for this app.   I have a Zomodo (Nightwatcher) camera setup, it's not the best system (cheap) but I am now finally able to use this app (with VPN access to my router using DDNS) to view my cameras anywhere in the world!   I am giving it a 5 stars rating because great effort has gone into this apps functional, yet beautiful design.   I have seen replies on this store from 'Alex', so if you are the developer, a big thank you once again; I have spent ages looking for a clean, simple and professional setup just like this.
This app is so darn useful that I paid for the pro version. One of the best apps. 4.6 rating is all you need to know. Combines my cameras on one screen, ability to view world cameras....I love this app.
Love this app.  Been using it for a few years, other apps I've used can't even compare.
Purchased the app but no support from developer. Sent 3 emails weeks ago and still no reply.
Best ip camera app out...have had it for years....wish there was a ipad version of it
Flashes from full color to black while using  my device as a camera. Unusable.
Excellent application. I have both this and blueiris for the computer, there isn't anything like it. Perhaps it would be possible to implement adding cameras via p2p address in the future.
I think the information given is useful, my issue is that I can't read it after I take my phone out of the car. Perhaps i am not doing something right, but it seems dangerous that I need to hit buttons for tests to be run, and the diagnostic information isn't available unless I am in the car. I would like to be able to look at info, or share after a car trip, not in the middle.
My elm327 works in other vehicles, yet my 98 grand Prix gtp the one I bought it for since I use it the most. It does not link to torque. Works with other apps. Please fox asap or refund my money. Purchased on Nov 19,2016 after using the free on other vehicles with success over years.
It's very nice app. Needs to be adapted to Android Auto framework. It definitely lacks custom manufacturer PIDs. It would be very nice if Ian started releasing extended pid plugins. There's not even one for Opel or Mazda (MPS is not the same). I know it's pain, but this is just a wish.
So Far I like this app.  It works well with my LG Stylo, and My ScanTool adapter.  Even though my 96 ZR2 S10 ECU does not give me access to all the goodies.  It still gives me my 0-60, HP, torque and the most important Info.  Can't wait to try it on a few of my other cars!
Ford extra PIDs/Sensors showing no data, only default RPM, Speed and coolant temp. sensor working which i can see on the dash also. What is the use if i cannot see other than these. Need refund.
I have bought Pocket Cast for Android, iOS and the web version. Worked great, past tense. It now resumes from near the start nearly every time making the app nearly unusable. I contacted support 3 weeks ago but only receive an auto response. Very Disappointing.
Couldn't bring myself to leave a review for this otherwise incredible app before. But now that I don't have to create the custom sleep timer anyone, I can finally leave the 5 Stars it rightfully deserves!
It just forgets to download some auto download category podcasts missing them and then they expire. Help pages are too basic in app and on their website. Content of your podcast library isn't searchable, which is pretty impractical once you have downloaded a lot, almost no search capabilities other than searching for new podcasts by title.
This is easily the best podcast app I've ever used. The sync to web player is amazing. The storage management features are great. The design is well executed and it's never buggy. If I have one minor improvement request, it would be to have some sort of persistent sync for "listened" podcasts.
I've tried two podcast apps, so I can't say I know everything out there. but sometimes it's good to just be content with what you find first, and this app has done exactly what I'd like: organize and play podcasts while looking appropriately pretty.
The number ONE podcast app. It is fantastic... I'm not sure why there are some negative reviews as it works perfectly... Maybe these people are too stupid to use it?  I love that the developers are so funny too...your comments always make me laugh guys/gals!! 👏👏👏👏
A bit overrated. The app has good design, is simple to use and has the best implementation of online sync. But features wise, it's way behind the competition. There's even no car mode and the 9$ fee for the web version is ridiculous.
This is about the only app that I truly love until recently that I switched phones. When I change the storage to the SD card I am not able to download episodes of anything. They always fail to download. If I switch the storage back to phone it works perfectly. I have a lot of podcast that I listen to and I need to be able to save to the SD card. Please fix.
Seems to cover only larger lakes my favorite smaller lakes appear all blue..
App is always tracking on my phone. How can is solve this?
Excellent for backup to chart plotter or second steering station area
Capt Michael Sanchez
Worth the $10 for any fisherman.
Very nice to have
Local fishing maps
I know where the fish are
Thid game is enjoyable, and utilizes motion controls pretty well! The learning curve is pretty sloped, so it won't take long for one to become good. Sonic Dash  - for the most part - gives you the option to spend a lot of time to earn things, or spend real money to unlock them. So in conclusion, this game is a lot of fun and regardless of whether you're a Sonic fan or not, I recommend giving Sonic Dash a shot!
I snagged a couple of "kids" apps for my seven month old daughter to play with, but most are rife with advertising or require purchases or beg for ratings. Toca requires none of this. My daughter did not seem interested in the baby ABC or number apps, but I believe I will be buying the rest of the Toca games for her to play with. And any more theu care to come out with.
Super cute and my kids love it, but it's annoying that we have to look up the names of the elements. It would also be nice if you labeled the instruments (like the centrifuge, etc)
My little sister played it but finished just after the refund time. I mean to complete a £2.49 game in 2 hours and a bit is a kinda RIPOFF！Also what can U do after？
Unfortunately, this app does absolutely NOTHING to teach the periodic table. The elements aren't even named, let alone described. Really wanted to like this for our son, but refunded.
I love this it's so cute! I do wish that you could actually learn the periodic table though because this is they way I can grasp and comprehend science I'm hands on kind of person not sit down and read a textbook person so if you could learn the periodic table I will give it 5 star please update with learning the periodic table. Overall great game it's so fun! Oh and cute! (Did I mention cute?) Lol, some of the elements are slow when singing but still good game. thank you for awesome games Toca boca!
I personally love science and think that it would be great for schools and people who are just starting to learn about the periodic table however I think to make it more educational you could put some facts down every time you unlock a new element if you did this not only would people love and enjoy the game but they would learn things along the way and it doesn't have to be loads of complicated facts you could just have one fact about each and it would stick in peoples heads because its easier to remember
Cute app, but without learning the names of the elements and the chemicals etc used, where is the learning part? As it stands, my 5 year old just freezes or blows up some cute 'things'. Disappointing, especially, when I have to pay for it.
This was super fun and cute. Even if your not a kid it's a great mind teaser! I just finished and I'm in love! Great job. Maybe in a later version we will be able to mix the elements?
do NOT be fooled by the developer responding. i went to the site and submitted a detailed review over a week ago and was ignored. they ONLY responded for PR purposes. i now understand their business model and how little they value their players MUCH better. pass this one over without hesitation.  it contains offers to download other apps for in game non premium currency which is fine except they intentionally made it be an app that is no longer compatible with most Android devices. so the offer can't be done.
I really love this game. It take you through the whole anime so I was able to re-experience my favorite moments. The action aspect of the game is great. My only compliant would be that you have to play the game in potrait mode. Since I use a phone, it makes it a bit difficult to play. I am used to it now and I can play SAO Memory Defrag with ease, but it would be better if you can play it in landscape.
This game offers surveys you can complete for free game cash upon completion of the survey we'll come find out that they don't give you the game cash. You end up with your email getting bombarded with nothing but junk mail. 7 different surveys, they ask for a screenshot​ of completion then they won't respond to your email after you send the screenshot. This totally ruins the fun that the game is supposed to provide
I've been using this app since day one (I used to work at Samsung as a new hardware Dev tester for all carriers) and it's always the first thing I download. Pixel is making a strong run, with their new launcher. But Nova still offers more customization. You guys and gals do need to up your game a little though and innovate! Thank you for all you do.
Action Launcher is giving Niva a HUGE run for its no EY and has many newer features like the new pixel phone and nougat/Pixel implementation etc. I think k I'm done with Nova. Action Launcher has way more of what I want plus most of the stuff Nova has so best of both worlds. AL ROCKS now.....Nova no longer in top.
As someone who came from using the default launcher on my phone to this one, I am blown away. Everything is so much nicer as well as being quicker. If you like customization and avoiding Google changing the style of things every few months than this is for you! Not accidentally moving shortcuts is the best part IMO.
The stock launchers are boring and plain. Nova Launcher Prime is one of the very best and popular launchers and will continue to be, I'm sure. So many customization apps, widgets and templates are available and there are a ton of tutorials and videos of how-to's, tips and tricks that you'll never run out of cool and interesting things to do on your Android. Keep up the good work, eh?
I was skeptical on installing this app since I've been using action launcher 2 pro for quite a while. I had no idea how much you can customize Nova launcher to make the Android experience truly unique! I decided to give it a try and can attest its simply outstanding and there is no substitute to this launcher. I downloaded the free version but immediately knew I had to go with prime,  which I did. The UI is awesome and the customization seems endless. You'll love it!
After using the free version for a bit, I decided to pay for the full version and I'm glad I did. Many people are willing to pay £1.50-3.00 for a cup of coffee, but not for an excellent app regularly updated with new features for unique setups. Admittedly, I probably paid for this with Google survey credit, but for those who are unsure about spending real money, I think you get a 2 minute refund window; you might as well try it.
I really like this game particularly the Daily/Weekly challenges BUT it always freezes up on me then I lose a life sometimes 2 and I don't get any credit in the Challeneges after I reopen it. I would keep playing but the freezing issue is just frustrating.
Used to love it 5 star.  Not any more.  Deleting it. Recent update removed the fun.  Now, if you don't pay you are always vs someone with $$$$ equipment, never against other free players.  Balanced to give $$$$ players an additional edge on top of the supreme equipment.  I still beat them but new super sensitive controls make it even harder still.  No difference in upgrading any free bows or arrows, I beat everyone with my beginner pink bow right upto 500k rounds. Save your coins for zoom sight or play on large tablet or chrome cast to TV.  Lots of bugs in ladder system.  Spent lots of time at #1 as I moved up to student league lvl20 but lots of bugs for it.
This game is a very good tool to help kids learn what it is like to be a mother. Keep things up! P.S. My kid also plays it because she loves cats. I would like you to make more levels in the game though. It would be fun to see her as a grandma. Also, it takes a long time to load, and I have very good internet.
The app is ok. There are a few features that are missing on my last update. The biggest one is not having access to my log book tab anymore. The app is also slow to load and always moves you back to the top of the screen. I also don't get a notification when an employee makes a request off. They have build a good app, but just need to tighten up on the little things to be more functional for managers.
Crashes all the time.  Some days won't let you log in.  Freezes almost daily. On the off chance it works it's a useful app.
A one star rating.  With each update, Hotschedules operates worse.  That is, if you are using a droid phone.  Ive seen it used on iphones, works great.  I regret spending money on this app.
This app has a great concept; being able to see your schedule anywhere, trading shifts easier, all that. Except it would be a lot better if it worked. My manager puts our schedule our and frequently we receive an email or message saying hotschedules messed up so ignore it. Or like today I would be in the middle of something and it would log me out and say I'm not an employee...when I was at work and clearly not fired. They need to make a lot of changes or updates to get this functioning where it is actually beneficial. I've been using it for 2 years and only got worse, no better :/
I have had this app for 5 years now and never had an issue.  The most recent update broke it for sure.  Please fix!!!!!!!
My app is no longer working. It keeps telling me it can't find employee for ID. This is not ok. I need to be able to see my work schedule. It had always been fine before but I don't know something happened
This app is all over the place with consistency. Can't login, can't view messages. I like seeing what shifts are released when I work that day, but clicking dinner takes me to lunch. JUST PORT THE IOS VERSION
Such a terrible app I resent my employer for using it. Every time I log in it tells me no internet connection even when I'm connected to wifi or LTE. This app is less functional than a sheet of paper with my hours printed on it.
Please fix the app. It's all messed up since last update. Keep getting different connection errors. Either I can't login or when I login nothing appears.
I have some pretty racy album art pics that I do not like on my lock screen. The band Die Antwoord, for example, has very racy nearly nude pics. One of the album art pics depict a woman on all fours with four breasts being milked by a machine. Doesn't bother me but I don't feel these types of images are work appropriate. Went through every option even calling Samsung to try to figure out how to remove them. Samsung said you cannot. Poweramp does it easily. Well worth a couple bucks.😀
Poweramp is awesome and the best music app I've had and tried all the top ones from ever list. I don't know what else to say honestly. 4 Stars lacking one because of their latest update is the best thing ever minus one small thing. Changing songs on the Lock Screen is the best!!! But...it's making me unlock twice to get back in. What's up with that or is it me? -S3
The option in-app to save playlists constantly and randomly wipes playlists clean. When I contacted the app people about a fix they just told me to reinstall, which hasnt fixed the issue. On top of that there havr been about 3 times that Ive had to reinstall the application due to the app not reading any files. These issues persisted from my former cell a samsung onto my current HTC Incredible 4G LTE. Find a better app if you want to create playlists on your phone.
Work really well for a while. Been using it mostly for podcasts that I download directly from the casters sites. For some reason after about 24 podcasts it no longer opens newly downloaded content. I have to rescan every time I add a file and when the player does see the file, most of the time will skip over the newly added track. The only way I have been able to play new content is by selecting the file from the folder that it is in and telling Power Amp to play file.
I rarely write reviews, but this app is SO good, I have felt guilty not writing one before now.  I spent a week reviewing music players on Android, looking for the best music player for my Samsung phone.  I was looking for one that had excellent controls, an EQ, and strong audio quality.   PowerAmp  consistently out-performed the others.   Hands down, this one is the best.  Stop wasting your time, and get PowerAmp.   It's really that Good !
I wasn't expecting much from this just another music player. Boy! I was wrong. Music sounds way way better than Play Music app in general. 10 band EQs are great. Bought it after the trail because it's worth encouraging such developers. It sans lot of features when compared to other apps and UI is average at best. But at the end of the day it is sound quality that matters.   I'm now waiting for Version 3 which has been due like forever. update: on Version 3 alpha now. Even more awesomeness!
We liked the game until the latest update. Now, the time per race was cut in half. Each race produces a prize instead of winning 3 races to build up to the prize. You added more characters and that does what? You added a batman helicopter that doesn't fly. Not excited anymore
Love this App. Its everything you need that caters for beginner's to a expert
Me likes the app for the wooket me go
Love this app!!!
best app for guitar enthusiasts
It's really good
I love this app it's very helpful😊😊😊😄😄😄😄
I love this app
Awesome
You pay for the app and then still have to pay for anything you can't readily find online. Waste of money!
Very awesome 3d backgrounds 😍👌
Amazing App! Awesome!
Absolutely spectacular....love this app
Great app!!
Looks great.
Awesome app !!!!!!
Good. Thanks.
Love this app
For this game to be so simple compared to todays games and grafics, I love it. I spend hours sometimes playing this.  Not to mention they keep upgrading and making it beter and better, keep it up fellas....i havent experienced any of the problems mentioned withthe updates others have but until then great game
Recent update makes game not open. Played it free, bought it and now you broke it. Worked great up until recent update guessing for garage...nice job! Edit 1/18/17 Update seems to have fixed crashes only now I guess I have to buy it again to stop the ads.
I have been playing this game for a long time and love it... But since the garage update I build a car and go to race it and it exits me out of the game.... Pleas fix this if u can I don't know if anybody else is having this problem but I'd really like to use this feature... Please help.
Really great game probably one fo tje best games out there to me. I was just disappointed on the garage its a great idea just it needs more vehicle variety if you could take some of the vehicle bodys from the vehicles you can buy it would be great because there are so.e vehicles i would like to put bigger wheels on and i can do that in the garage and it would be nice to make the other vehicle slots more affordable
I enjoy the game overall. The sheer amount of tracks and vehicles gives it some longevity, together with fun, physics based driving.  However I feel that the recent garage feature is severely unbalanced: it takes forever to amass the gems to make something remotely decent (compared to standard vehicles) and the vehicles score less coins on air times, so there's really not much of an incentive to drive them. So yeah, either boost the garage vehicles and make gems more frequent, or it just seems like a cash grab.
Easy to play. I sit here and watch ads for credits lol, then get jeep beef up a little, and your good to go. Little banner ad at the bottom, but it's not in the way, and it doesn't  pop up during gameplay. Kinda hard to start off at first, but once u start getting the jeep supt up a little, it's gonna be like a SOAB in the first stage haha. Graphics are nice, playing this on a old galaxy s3 titan, runs smooth. Think it was like 50mbs or something. Rated 3 stars cause of all the grindin u do 2 start off plus the garage don't work. Keeps saying fatal error when using car then game crashes
The super offroad and the dragster's wing(spoiler) come off too easily making the level much harder to progress. Buff both vehicles(not speed, they are extremely fast fully upgraded) but buff the spoiler strength
I think it just needs 1 more thing then for me it's perfect!  I just want. The cars and settings really cheap because I have to keep playing in the same setting to earn the coins for the next setting which is kinda expensive so if u could just make it less expensive like cheap I would say then definitely 5* but for now 4*
It's 8.07pm and I still have 46% left on my crappy xiaomi 4c, tasker is a miracle. Thank you!
The app is why it's worth to be on Android. If you are able to imagine what you would like from your phone this is the app what is able to make it. Although really not for beginners.
Bought this app thinking that it would/could automate my lg v20 comfort view on certain times. but it doesn't. It doesn't even have a button for that.
Custom notification settings seems to have disappeared for me.  Reinstalled and it is still gone.  Hope this is just a bug to be fixed.
Tinkering at its finest.  From simple "If This Then That" actions to complex programming. Simple and brilliant.
Harder to configure than it should be. Some options are really well hidden.
The best automation app there is.  Amazing reliability, and more configuration options than one person could reasonably use.
Taking a color scan is unintuitive. Pressing the 'color' button doesn't do it, you have to press the 'image' button. Great app otherwise
This has been an awesome save since my computer is in need of repair.  I can scan documents from here directly to my drive or email with no issues.   Great quality well worth it.
I would give if 5 stars if tinyscanner can auto upload to cloud, instead of having to manually upload the document everytime i scan.
Definitely worth the $4.99 for the pro version. Made scanning and emailing documents for work a breeze. One of my favorite apps. The only thing that would make it better would be if the documents retained colors. Other than that, excellent app.
This app is so sweet for dealing with the transfer of power of attorney paperwork. You no longer have to carry hard copies. Just email the file and it's done!!
Worked fine a few times but now it won't load.  Reinstall it and does the same thing.
This app can take a paper document and pull from it only what matters. It filters out the imperfections.
I use this app when I travel to scan my receipts in real time. It makes it easy to scan and store and be ready to submit as soon as I return.
Email option fails to attach document with Inbox app. Only works with Gmail app. Otherwise excellent!
Using batch alarm setting but can't scan QR or NFC as they are at home and I'm on trip. Alarm can be too easily stopped by just ending the SleepAsAndroid task - making the captcha stuff pointless.
Fantastic application, has woken up me up for the past 3 or 4 years IIRC, and the feature set has consistently been improved. Hats off to the developers! I especially like the QR code feature, I set a "leave for work" alarm using my favorite song, and it forces me to silence the alarm with a QR code I put in my garage. I am a habitual late starter and this has been phenomenal for my morning punctuality :)
My only problem is that you can't turn on the alarm with Tasker.  I trigger Sleep as Android with Tasker, set to my calendar, and I'd love to be able to turn on the alarm through Tasker as well so I can wake up by watch vibration as well, but as of right now I have to set it through the app.  Which is why I never use it, but I would really like to be able to.
The app is active and uses a lot of battery even when alarm has been turned off, previous update didn't have this issue
Perfect app until you attempted to "improve" it with the welcome screen. Seriously, get rid of it as not only is it superfluous but it is affecting the app as it gets stuck on that screen 3-4 out of 10 times....
Losing a star for the stupid Thank You screen getting stuck when this is the paid version. Please fix it or remove stupid picture completely.  Very dependable as an alarm otherwise with multiple times/naps as you need. Lots of other features as well to monitor your sleep.
I love this app. It's not flawless. The settings menu is in an unintuitive place of the UI. The NFC-capcha is activated when not at home, even when I've toggled Only At Home. (Just was forced to uninstall the app because I had no way of turning my alarm off at work.) Combination with Philips Hue is great, even though it's still a bit buggy and it sometimes leaves some of my lights red (night lamp) when I switch them on later that day. I have to manually fix their colour then.
Won't even validate license after Jan 207 update. Samsung S6.
Wish they had this for all android devices
Devs update activation works.
Work 7.0 nougat btu
Best app ever for Samsung phones.  Latest update working flawlessly.
Did exactly what I purchased it to do
Simple and best. Does all what says.
Awesome
Love it
The app is very very cool, but when I try to edit a photo from my gallery, the photo's quality is reduced. And not just a little. It's almost blurry. Please fix this. Thanks
This app is fun, versatile and addictive. Especially good at enhancing less flattering photos that need a little boost. My friends are always asking me to do my "magic" with their pictures - 😀
This application serves its purpose extremely well. I use this app for all of my photo edits however some more in depth detail in the text options would just make it that much better.
I've been creating many photos thought this program. can't wait for an update, when will that be, been waiting so long long now.. I've been u using it here through the app and online for years, need new ones, please
Reg. Version has crazy scare your a** pop up ads - its worth the few bucks, especially if u have a heart condition.
I love this APP! The only problem with the PRO version is some of the frames are missing that are in the free one. I do love that the watermark isn't there in the Pro version. That's why I purchased it.
I Don't like how I can't crop no more. And I'm  Still Waiting  On Them other Action hero face and body .Animals  3DBackground  ,Ghostly Like,and Magazines needs updated and animals still needs updated as well
Copy pest not working on this app😡
Absolutely loved this app but now it's updated it keeps freezing and I cannot do anything 🙈
Please add favourite design, so I don't have to role the dice again for many times. Thx
System locks up
Im waiting blur feature like iOS version
There is no option to blur background
Nothing is saving to my phone!!
I used this app on Apple. Saw the light and now I am on Android. Loved it on Apple and love it on Android. It's cheap for what you get and in my case that was passing 3 years of university maths. I especially love the step by step solutions which are particularly helpful for derivatives and integration
Back button handling is broken. No search history. Not integrated into phone search. Why is this an app again? Mobile web site is just as good, and free.  This is an embarrassment. Needs a Material Design refresh and a lot of rethinking.
The typing is unresponsive and a pain to use. Some features (solving systems of equations) don't work as well. Waste of money - you're better off using the website.
I don't understand what half the people complaining expected.  They actually thought this app would be their God and do everything they commanded.  If you are into mathematics, this is a highly valuable tool, as for everything else,  who cares, that's just extra
I previously gave this app a two star rating for its apparent denseness when trying to get it to recognise non-US centric terms or items. However, that was unfair as using it more, I have to admit when it gets the search right the amount of information retrieved is outstanding. Still 4 stars rather than 5 as it can be infuriating sometimes. If you are a new user of the app, I recommend trying the sample search terms which are buried away in the menu under examples.
I don't care for the in-app keyboard, why can't it be the phones keyboard? It makes typing cumbersome. I've stopped using this app for this exact reason and just use the online Wolfram. Waste of time.
Do you need to figure out how much a blue whale eats and "discharges" as a percentage of its body mass? How about plotting a chart of damage from hypothetical apples hitting different densities of materials at differing speeds? How hot is it if you were flying naked behind a comet, and, assuming there was air, would you even be able to breathe it? Do you just like numbers? Genotypes? Pretty things? THIS APP IS YOUR BEST (and likely only) FRIEND NOW.
Your app fails to provide on screen menu buttons. 3 dots or hamburger will do. So many devices without menu buttons and the app still doesn't support them properly.
Upgraded because ads forced me to scroll.  Upgrade seems to have no duplicate find, tool won't allow changes to ext sdcard yet android file explorer does,  hard to get directions size and select files
Samba transfer is slow as hell, I tried transferring a number of files, both large and small and the transfer continuously times out and requires you to push retry over and over again and generally fails.   I tested the same files from the same device using a SOLID EXPLORER PRO using samba and they all transferred successfully and fast.  I've had to knock a couple of stars off for that.
I love this app, it's bar none the best Android file browser out there, SFTP, cloud storage integration, Chromecast streaming plugin, anything you could think of wanting, this app has it in spades!  Anyway, I love this app soooo very much, it literally rivals the best desktop file browsers, which is saying something! Regardless, all other Android file browsers simply can't compete!  Don't get it twisted, this is the best Android file browser you can get, period.
Since a few weeks ago this app has started showing me some VERY intrusive ads which is inadmissible for a paid application. This was so annoying that it forced me to uninstall it in order to regain normal functionality of my phone. Please fix this ASAP.
Been working great for me for a couple of years. Time to get rid of it...  It's brought in deceitful routines that do things against my will, without any way of disabling them.
Accessing windows shared drives keeps asking for Username and Password as if incorrect. Please fix. This is an excellent app, but stopped working today (Oct 01, 2016) for me.
Hands down, the best file manager app available. Works with ES Task Manager (almost completely) which is a godsend for cleaning up all those apps working in the background. When rooted, you can even get rid of all that bloatware hanging around!
Works fine on my samsung galaxy 4 even after Kit Kat update and now works fine on my new s5 model. Only gripe I have is that it forces you to have a lock screen and I don't like using lock screens and I wish they would turn off that feature or allow us to turn it off.
Like I said on the free version, amazing!! IT WORKS!! Need I say more? No, but I will. :-) 1) Carrier doesn't know I'm on Hotspot. I know this because my Hotspot is currently depleted, and now it doesn't matter!  2) SUPER SIMPLE! The way software should be. 1-minute setup or less!  3) It just works. And keeps working. For hours on end, fast and reliable!  I will say it's a little pricey, maybe? But it's the only one that works works works! So... Worth every penny! :-)  Samsung Galaxy S4 SGH-M919 TWRP and Cyanogenmod 10.2.1
I gave 4 stars because the application has helped me a lot. Being in the military I can't really afford a lot but this helps me keep my family connected. As of yesterday we can no longer use and the house might as well not have power. If this is a single day refresh then cool I look forward to It tomorrow.  But if not can you guys please look into the issue?
This app works turning your cell phone into a hot spot with ease.   I am making maximum use out of my unlimited data plan without extra monthly fees that the cell companies want to charge.   This is allowing me to take online courses.   Highly recommended!
I have had this for a couple years now. I have an unlimited data package on my Verizon plan. All I have had are phones from the Samsung galaxy line. Never have had an issue! I use 350+Gb/month with no extra charge to my bill and the Internet had never slowed down!  I easily run 3 devices off it!!  BUT DO NOT ACCEPT ANDROID UPDATES!!!! WILL NOT WORK WITH LATEST UPDATE!!!
Decent.  I like the analysis, but I found it a bit off on the wake up times, frequently waking me mid-dream cycle.  Ended up narrowing the wake up span quite a bit
This works well, and it has a nicer, less cluttered interface than "Sleep as Android", which seems to be its closest competitor. --- Update January 2017: Great that the developers have updated this app after a long silence. You wouldn't know it from the changelog, but the app has had a big redesign, and now looks more like a modern Android app. But I'm still waiting for them to add the ability to use the microphone for sleep tracking instead of the movement detector, as is possible in the iOS version.
I used to have an Apple device, where this app worked exactly as advertised. I happily repurchased it when I switched to Android, but the experience hasn't been as trouble-free. I can now hear the gap between loops of the sleep sounds. Most frustratingly, I just bought and downloaded a song I want to use as my alarm sound, but it doesn't show up when I select "user music."
It didn't do as expected,  tried two days,  very few movement detected on day 2 and alarm woke me up when I was still asleep sleep. Shame. Not for me.
Very nice update .. finally you are caring about the application.. you just missed to add the voice way to monitoring sleeping as you know it is dangerous to pit the mobile beside me when I am sleep ... thanks
After years with trouble using this app, I got the new Pixel XL phone. To my surprise, the app is still as unusable as it was on my Nexus 6 & Galaxy S4 before it. Please fix the Android issues, support the newer phones! It's not fair to only take care of the iOS version of your app!!!
I find that with all the new updates sleep cycle has become very inconsistent. It used to wake me up within the 10 minute period I have set and now it sometimes works, sometimes has shut down over night  or the alarm will go off 5-10 minutes after my requested wake up time. I now have to use a backup alarm because I can't count on sleepcycle to wake me on schedule. I also find it doesn't register my movements well. I pick up my phone and check the time throughout the night - especially now that it isn't always going off and I will have a reading of 94% sleep even though I was out of bed a few times, check the time a few times and tossed and turned for hours. I hope the wrinkles get ironed out and it becomes the useful tool it once was.
Very nice but can I change my alarm volume?? It turns mine all the way up and then when it wakes me up it's very jarring. I prefer a soft alarm with vibration.
Looks great but never worked with one of the supported cameras (Zmodo zm-sh75d001). Tried to contact support but no luck.
The only IP cam app that works seemlessly with my Dahua cam. No others would detect or connect. Keep up the good work. Bought pro ver!
Junk. I went into the app and tried to see how it use it, nothing! And the manual is in beta - whatever the hell that means. JUNK!
Best IP cam app on the market
I have it  for a while and is the best apps out there for ip caneras
Dev is very responsive. Great app
Nice
Great app.  Use it all the time. I have the following issues... 1. The settings icon on the dash board i can't remove.  It covers a field. 2. The compass revert to North when i stop moving. This is usually when i look so is often incorrect. Otherwise deserves 5 stars.
Everything works but transmission oil temperature. I know my 2012 Chevy Orlando supports it because I used a friend's autel reader when I fixed a leaking transmission cooler line. Anyone tried to use it for transmission temperature? any help would be appreciated.😉
Just wish i could use the app. Apparently, there is a bug with my car: using obdlink MX with an Audi A2, kills engine when it connects. Tried the obdlink app and this doesn't happen, but Ian responded immediately with some suggestions.
Paired the app with a vee peak obd2 blue tooth adapter and it works great !  Read my engine codes on my truck and friends. Lwts ne know exactly what my coolant temp is and my voltage since i dont have a battery gauge this is great for the cold climate and to know if your charging system is working good. All around great app with tonnes of options
Works ok. One problem. I cannot switch it off so it attempts to access my car every 100 seconds even with Bluetooth turned off. Causes a battery drain and a permanent notification on my screen. After paying for it, this is a bit much. Even app killer won't stop it.
I run it daily on my tablet. Love it. But I need it to do something that it's not doing which is camshaft retard corrolation trying to get my 99 Tahoe 5.7L back in time after engine swap and my check engine light comes back on every 10 mins because of it
I love this app and use it all of the time, but now it's broken. Android Sept 2016 Security Patch broke it on my Moto X Pure. Podcast playback is ruined by static and noise. I restarted phone, and uninstalled and reinstalled the app. No change. Bluetooth to a speaker or using headphones are also bad.The podcast MP3s play fine in other music apps. An email to the developer got me an automated response that didn't give me much hope.
Best podcast app I have tried, and I have tested many. Player works great, love all the features like eliminating pauses, 30 sec fast forward, ability to look at just new downloads, etc. I also like how clean and easy it is to manage, if that makes sense. Not a lot of extraneous crap to manage, podcasts disappear after they're played.
Best podcast app by far. Many apps have so many strange and stupid design choices (podcast playlist, why?). Pocket Casts just gets straight to the point, I want to listen to podcast right now. With the largest podcast library, you will not mind the price to use it.
Used to be the best app now they've broken everything with their stupid new *automatically play next cast*  option. Even when i use the filters and this option is off, when a cast ends, another one from a DIFFERENT cast starts instead of just playing the next one from the same cast. Stupid
They update and tell you what they are doing, not just the standard bug fixes line and they poke a little fun at other apps and their lack of transparency.  If you sync your account, when you get a new phone, it remembers all your podcasts and if you use a SD card, then it will not have to redownload all those files, saving you data fees.  This app is totally worth the money I paid for it.
No explanation really needed, been using it for years and tried all the big name ones along the way. Thanks for the great app and continuous improvements. Also, thank you for the descriptions on the updates, I always get a good laugh.
Great fishing edge to have!
Long story short: Great game, but several things take the quality away from it. Short story long: This is alright for a mobile game. Easy to understand, good music, stuff like that. The daily missions are cool too. However, there's only two sound tracks. Plus, all of the characters do the exact same thing, and some features are a little off (size of head, hands, etc.). Even then, the different models look a bit buggy. Way too many ads. I get that it's free and all, but would it hurt to release an update?
I love this game so much it is incredibly addictive and fun to play. But I have 1 problem. Over  £5 for Classic Sonic?! I know it's a free app and Sega want to make money but as Silver would say: It's no use! Please change this. But overall, brilliant game!
An amazing app in itself and is too fun. My only concern is that the backup system to get back your rings,  characters, etc. is a little wonky. I had to start all over even though I did backup my data... With that aside,  this app is overall great.
I love the variety what not with Shadow Blaze Silver Knuckles Tails Espio Classic Sonic Android Sonic Amy and even Hello Kitty. It took me 2 days to get all 600 bows. Only problem is that you need actual money for Espio and classic Sonic. Overall the game was incredibly amazing and fun and colorful. Gotta go fast.
Played this in an iPhone but performance degraded with each new IOS release. Happy to play on a better device. If you can fix the app to where there isn't a slight moment of hesistation in the game when collecting the red star rings, that would be awesome.
I was able to purchase the Sanrio characters I missed, however, hello kitty wasn't available to purchase when she was out. How can we get to unlock hello kitty again? It still also lags a bit from time to time when I was doing the promo. Hope it could still be fixed further. Glad to see the new updates.
Its a good game thats fun to play and has lots of interesting mechanics.  The only problem that i can find is that the characters are bought with red star rings which are very hard to find. Other than that though, its a fun and interesting game that fans (and even people who are not fans) will love.
Great game! The tournament is a nice addition to the game. My only complaint is that to maintain your current level within the tournament you are required to pay 2 gems each time you exit the game and reenter. Player should know up front so they will know if it's worth the 20 gems to enter the tournament. Especially since it's very difficult to get gems without buying them and the casino will only give 15 gems max even if you are on level 190. Unlock the casino prizes already!
Fun game but as many have said, there aren't enough gems given considering how critical they become as you go. A good game will have the option to purchase items that enhance game play, but aren't crucial to you continuing to play. This game doesn't do that. Gems already became pretty important towards the end of the second restaurant. A bit disappointing but still fun.
I really enjoy playing the game but once you get farther along in the game, you need gems to upgrade almost everything. You only earn gems by leveling up or in the crappy casino. The amount of gems awarded is barely enough to upgrade 1 item when you are needing to upgrade 10+ items. Kinda is taking the fun out of it.
I love the game. Just dislike the slot part. I've lost more than 30,000 coins just trying to win diamonds. And I've never landed on two or three diamonds. Please fix this. Also when we come back and long in everyday i think that we should be able to get more than two diamonds and some coins. Thanks in advance. But i still love everything else
When are we getting a update? Still no update I want to go to the other two things on there. Today is Feb. 5 and still no update I really love this game but getting mad because of no update. 😡today is Feb. 24 still no update. The game is OK great in the lower levels. I'm so pissed if I do not get a update by March forget it I'm deleting it. I'm so dang peeved right now.Well here I am again waitin on a update. Hope it will not be too long.
I used to dislike cooking games but this one managed to change my mind. There are tons of levels and you'll usually have to replay them for more stars or gold for new restaurants (and unlock even more new levels in a new environment), so it never gets boring. And the developers keep on improving it. Nicely done.
I really like the game, but there are bugs on several levels . You can take achieve 3 stars no matter how many points or kitchen up grdaes. I've done level 8 numerous time and can't get 3 stars, yet can in much higher levels . There are other too 14, 17, ....
I loved this game, but since the upgrade, I am struggling to earn gems to continue. I used to get 15 gems at the casino every 24 hours. It would take $25,000-35,000. I've spent $40,000 a day and haven't received any gems in the past 7 days. I only have 4 restaurants open and now can't advance any more. I'm losing interest in playing the same levels over and over to earn cash. It takes so many gems to advance that it would cost a fortune if I considered paying real cash, so that its not a option.
This. Game. Is. Awesome. This is my favorite anime and manga and oh my gosh, I was so glad to stumble upon this game. Just found it last night when I was bored and looking for a mobile game to play. Does not disappoint. I like the accuracy of the storyline and how you can change your name. I only wish I could personalize my character and make my own SAO player (customization *hair, etc.). But it is cool how you can scout! 🌸🌙👏 Congrats on the detail and gameplay. This game is cool! Liking it a lot so far. I never ever review on google play but this game deserves a review for sure. :)
This is a great game and I love the anime series..... but the only problem is the weapons drop rating. The weapons drop rating is an issue and I understand that it's suppose to be rare to get a 4R weapon but when I bought the 11 weapon pack twice, I only got two 3R weapons. This just might be my luck when doing these things but I just put this up here just because. But overall this game is good.
Love the game, but after a few weeks of playing you'll realize it will become more p2w to keep up with future content. After seeing JPN version content you'll find global is only a few months behind. Yes you get free 4* units from time to time, but they won't compare to 4* gacha pulls. Starting off it will rain memory fragments (in game currency), but what you spend all that you can get free in-game you'll wish you haven't spent them especially as f2p. Target audience seems to be fans with deep pockets as you'll need to spend to get to get new units and their weapons. The game is still enjoyable, just got to be frugal with the fragments and don't let a tier list ruin your fun.
If only if only... If there wasn't a 600+MB download at the start of the game that stays in phone storage despite tries to get the data onto the SD card, I would love this game and play it daily.   However, my phone storage is so tiny that a price like that is just too hard to pay on a consistent basis. When I cleared everything else off my phone for a week, I fully enjoyed the gameplay, character building and other elements of the game.   Some of the cutscenes had a few bugs, but since I cleared the data in order to get enough space to download the update, I haven't wanted to crowd out my phone storage with the 600+MB download. Please, find a way to get that into the SD card, and I will happily play and download again.
A good, fun F2P game. It has gachas, but they're quite optional unless you absolutely must have your Waifu. (I personally prefer the harem route.) The story does a great job of retelling the anime/light novel plot. I've yet to see another game do such a good job with summarizing a plot in a meaningful way.
I just downloaded the game and I'm already addicted to it. I like the leveling system, being able to equip your character with items and the somewhat free roam when fighting. Took a while to get use to but the mechanics run smooth. Nice very awesome game to play!!
I watched the anime SAO.  This is nothing close to the SAO that I know.  I will say the graphics are nice, but SAO was an MMO free rome game, where you create your avatar and play at your own free will.  Guess the person who made this game never really saw SAO never saw Vindictus or Minecraft.  If you put those 2 games together, THAT would be the real SAO I hope to see.
The games entertaining. Fun and fair competition. Doesn't seem to be tons of pop ups like most other games.  Could use some graphical touch ups to enhance game play.  Exams would be..... When it looks like the ball is centered on the pin,  the ball sometimes. Especially barely hits it or just misses it.  That's about the o lyrics a e it needs work.  Great job with this one!
Completely fixed. Hit the same place Everytime and expect different results Everytime. At first I liked it but when I saw the rythym of the game I lost all interest. Don't waste Your coin on a good ball.. makes no difference whatsoever!  Good try but fail. Thank U come again...
Do not spend a dime in this game! I used to love it until I realized the amount of bot accounts playing. Can't even begin to tell you how many times I lost substantial amounts of chips to bots and their customer service is horrible. You just lost a huge customer!
Love the game, great time killer. Tried to invite my friend but didn't work... In real bowling, the pins don't move if they aren't touched, right? The pins in this game move even if they aren't even nearly touched...
I want my chips back. I had 500k and went offline came back with 25k. I would to know how did that happened. If i wont get it back ill stop playing.
Freezes up and/or kicks you out in the middle of a game and resets. This has caused me to lose millions of chips, some of which were paid for!!  I'd change my rating if they answered my emails
Tried all launchers and came back to this everytime. Allows us to reduce icon sizes. Permits us to modify the label text fonts. Utilizes very less battery and storage space. Launches fast. Allows to assign different actions to gestures like double tap, swipe up the screen, or down etc. This App has more customization than you have hair on your head.
Needs better folder layout e.g. like icon spacing in drawer & desktop, hence no need to go scrolling for apps in the folders. Sort by' in draw e.g. by date installed. Needs a fuction to compare  desktop to drawer to find missing shortcuts.(1 device it never found any apps on import than when recreating folders on 1 page desktop if you put new app on desktop it deletes a app or folder!!!!) 👍Even better setup would be a ♡MULTI SELECT♡ in drawer than copy to or create new folder than copy to the folder.
I'm an ex iPhone user that enjoyed jailbreak for the customisation. I wanted similar on this Edge. But it's not easy to find a decent method. But your launcher is just the ticket.  Thank you.  Further to the above... Still loving this app. I enjoy a clean wallpaper, my apps along the bottom, I have made them the smallest possible, no labels, and the maximum quantity. Seven. Will you please consider eight. Or even  better, somthing I do miss on a jailbreak iPhone... a scrolling dock.  Now, one thing I'd like you to help me with... is there a way to customise the apps into a colour or theme?   Thank you.
I really appreciate the ability to customize a significant number of features available in this launcher. The only thing I might like different is the settings screen implementation for updating the app settings. It would be nice to have the "slide out" menu on the side like the Android system settings. Once you click through the options you have to continually click back until you reach the initial list of settings.
Need an option to swipe from folder to a specific app drawer page like if I swipe from my socials folder it opens my social page in app drawer. And an option to fit the text in the Google pill widget even if it is in a custom font because right now it just pokes out and whole of it doesn't show. That's what keeps me from giving a 5 star. Please take note, thanks!
The best Launcher around. Powerful. Not cluttered. Highly customisable. Sadly it lacks any decent fonts, has no universally applied icon sizes (to save time) and has zero AMOLED features. Only a few things can be turned true black, but sadly not everything can. It's getting there and fortunately this Launcher hasn't yet been ruined by an in app store, but until there are a few more customising features I cannot give 5*.
Still Love it! Don't understand the complaints! I have Nova on 5 devices and have recommended it to many friends &  they have, NO probs in months!! thought I'd try a different launcher on my new tablet last year just to see what was out there, and after trying several I couldn't wait to get Nova installed! In my opinion this IZ thee best! Can customize to "your" liking. So glad Nova does what it says, WELL worth the cost of prime version! Thanks Nova developers!! :-) Love you guys!!!
This game is horrible! It's always freezing when I'm about to win, so I have to close out. Then when I close out, it takes a life. So it's like I used 2 lives for one play. I'm lucky if I can get two plays out of the "5 lives" we're permitted.
I had rated this game with 5 stars, however after playing  a bit longer I have found a glich that brings my rating down. While playing the bonus round( which I really enjoyed) the game has shut down and gone back to my home screen at least 3 times causing me to lose not only a turn,points but also my desire to continue to play and recommed what i once thought was the best new game on Google. Maybe whwn the kinks are worked out, but not now.
I would love to be able to give this game a great review. However, since it will not enable me to participate in the daily task correctly (takes my plays away) due to the freezing and stopping issues, which I have reported repeatedly and have not been dealt with, plus does the same occasionally during regular levels, I will not give a good review. I maybe expected too much by thinking it would work correctly, idk. If you're going to expect people to give a good review and not trash your game, make it worthy of a good review. Listen to your players and address problem issues. Compensate players with more daily task tries since they're not getting as many as promised for ur error in gameplay or at the very least compensate with coins or the  power ups they'd be earning if ur game worked correctly. Very disappointed in this game.
It has has glitches every time I'm about to finish a level it freezes on me.  Then of course I lose that life and any extras I've purchased.  Very frustrating.  I love the game but it's not fun if I can't finish a level.
Every time I get an extra life from sharing on Facebook, my daily task game freezes and the app force closes! Every time!!! And you can't get back the life or try to share a post again, so you have to wait 24 hours for two additional lives plus the "free" Facebook life. Smh 1 star
I absolutely love this game. It's very addicting. I gave it 5 stars for the controls gaming, and graphics however I gave a 3 star for the overall rating. I only did this because every single time I've ever played this game it is shortly stopped and the screen crashes. I then get a message saying that the game is not responding. Every single time I play. Haven't been able to play over 3 levels in a row without that happening. When that stops I would have no problem giving out a give star rating.
I love this game but U need to fix it cause every time I start to play it no matter if it's the daily or a level I will start playing n it freezes up n I only get 2 plays n the daily challenge but when it freezes I loss my lives also. I have uninstalled n reinstalled n it's done the same dam thing so I am going to uninstall it again n try reinstalling it 1 last time n if it keeps up the freezing I will delete n not reinstall it
I really like this game. I got hooked quick. But it does take forever to load, bummer. After a few days it started lagging, and it freezes. It's driving me nuts. Uninstalled & RE installed.... still frozen solid.
The game starts cheating way too early forcing you to spend more money in order to win. I can't wait for this "free" to play model to die among mobile games.
Just another game in a long lists of games where the developer feels the need to cheat in order for them to take your game cash so that you will buy more game cash with real cash. There was a time when cheating could lose you a mans respect and trust and possibly even your life. Not anymore I guess. The code seems to be to cheat early and often. If you have just installed then I recommend uninstalling fasts
Very very glitchy. Often times has networking issues, game will end before time runs out, sometimes you shoot the target and it won't show you how your arrow hit the target. Sometimes it works completely fine.  I find myself yelling at the screen more often than not though.  Fun addictive game when it works, complete frustration when it's even a little but off
I agree with Matt Below me, This Game is so rigged it's not even funny people!! I downloaded it to get the free Archer pool cue and I thought I would play it and I started the tutorial got all Bullseye's 10's and about level 4 it don't matter how good u shoot if u have the bullseye in ur croosshairs and allowing for wind which isn't hard you get A 5 if ur lucky!!! My BF is A LDM for Navy he's a Sniper and he played it just to see if it was me?? And after playing he laughed and said baby they just want your real money and u might win if u pay them and I was using A $40 k scope and $4 k arrows and a $10 k bow so if u do try it don't waste your coins buying upgrades the ones they give u will do the same as the ones u buy trust me! And I never received my Free Archer pool cue but you keep it and stick it where the sun don't shine!!!!!!!!!! I'm so mad I wasted my time on this game!!!!
A great game is overshadowed by the developers greed. I am great at this game and didn't start losing until I got into the higher levels where everyone pays real money for their in game bows and arrows, which make them virtually unbeatable.
I think that I lose all of my money by exiting games where no targets come up after the stakes are collected.  Waited up to 15 minutes one time but still no targets.  Liked the game when I could plasy it but am tired of wasting my time.
Dick game that keeps u on the edge of your seat with every shot u try ti outwit ur opponent thats either against someone you may know to someone u dont know you have quick game play and a varitery of diferent kinds of colours and styles of bows and arrows
This game is amazing! I love it so much! You guys should make more cat games! I'm obsessed with cats! And if you make more cat games I'll always rate it 5 stars everything! Taking care of my cat Chloe is so fun! She's a toddler. I'm on level 5 already and I downloaded this game 15 minutes ago! I 💘❤💓💕💖💗💙💚💛💜💞💝💟❣ this game! I hope others like it too! Now I better go entertain her, she's getting bored! 😨 just keep in mind that I'm a 😻! Bye!
Cute!  This game is easy to use and the graphics are good! I like that you can put makeup on Angela and dress her up and all that fun stuff! The only problem is that the game might sometimes lag like when I put Angela to bed an add pops up sometimes and when I exit I appear in the wardrobe. I recommend this game if you like virtual pet games!
Its a fun game, I enjoy playing it. It has a ton of ads tho. Angela sleeps for a long time too. It is kinda hard to get diamonds, unless u buy them ur self. Other than my dislikes, it is one of my favorite games!😁
My kids & I love this game. It's user-friendly and don't require any money. Would give a 5 rating if there weren't a bug in the Happy Connect minigame; contact me for more info on the error.
Game is good but it needs lots more features. In her "wardrobe", Angela needs an "accessories" section for jewelery, scarves, shoes, belts & hats. Her makeup really badly needs an update with more shades of lip and eye colors. Another room needs to be shown other than the bathroom, outdoors, kitchen and bedroom. She needs more food choices. Everything is way too repetitive. Lastly, it should be easier to get more different types of cards as you ascend to higher levels. Sometimes it takes up to 15 levels before new cards show up.
I used the like this game but now I completely hate it. You use to be able to buy food with coins but beware it now takes gems. What a horrible way to ruin the game. I lost a lot of gems and am now seriously thinking of deleting this app all together.
This app is fun when I'm bored, and I like how you can gain coins from other games. She's very cute and I love that you can change her fur color. What I don't get, today it happened, all the food costs diamonds.. What happened?
I like the game, but why does everything have to be so pink and where's the black lipstick, Spiked chokers, Goth-wear, chains and Gothic backgrounds for all of us goths? Please mix it up a bit then the game will be better.
Its a very easy game to play and I like that you can it items that are locked. The one thing I don't like is that you get a random prize from watching ads I wish you can just choose your prize. But still its a great game.
After new update.... can't login because "Hot Schedules stopped working". Every single time. Uninstalled and installed it again and the same thing keeps happening.
Update 2/3/17: just updated and it's worse than ever. Can't recognize my user name and when it finally does nothing shows.. so I can't see my schedule. I want my 3 bucks back
Charges you then says you have been fired or just doesn't bring up schedule every single day
Ya always freezing and logging me out.  Randomly changes my password and says all my info is incorrect.  At least 3x a month.
App is broken now.... says can't find employee id..... been using it for two years.  Please fix and I'll update review
Would be better if the new update would actually let me log in. Says it can't find employee for id when I try to login. As a manager I would like this to work since I paid for it.
App is great when it works constantly stops working and tells me it can't find my employee ID when I've been using it for over a year now.
Fantastic, the best music player ever (and I've tried many), But now and then it asks me to verify my purchase, with Wi-Fi or no Wi-Fi present, when I Select the "verify" button, sometimes it gives me an Error message.. There is a solution for this posted in the app's support tab, but it is a chore to do it, FIX THIS ! Such a shame... but still put up with it because the app is great and I don't to go back to an inferior music app...
I have been a music listeners from childhood. When I began to use PC, I tried various music players and finally stuck with jet audio. Since then I am big fan of players with good graphic equalisers. When I bought this phone I searched for a good music player finally I found poweramp. This is just awesome, it meets all my listening needs. I highly recommend this app for those people who want listen, manage their music. What makes this app a great one is its crystal clear sound! Just give a try, you will love
Needed a lightweight music player with decent equalizer and gapless playback. This app performs well and sounds awesome. Two issues though. Firstly on my galaxy s5 lock screen it more often than not displays incorrect song progress and times. And secondly is there an option to fully close down the app because I've noticed when I exit out it can continue to stay active  and drain my battery and inserting headphones continues playback which I often use for hands free while driving.
Outstanding music app with great Playlist features that makes it easy to build and sort your tracks. Headset/Bluetooth options are great and it scrobbles to last.fm.   It's easy to edit tags and a breeze to get album artwork for tracks with the proper tags.   The EQ is top notch and it there are a boatload of free skins on the play store.   The only annoyance is that often the lockscreen widget is delayed when I turn on my screen.   Definitely my favorite app of all time.
Have been using this app since quite long now. There is no better music app then this. But there is few improvements needed in playlists. No option available to select multiple songs, so that one can delete or add them to different playlists, no sorting functionality available. Also this app picks up audio files from the whatsapp folders, so there should be some option to ignore some folders/applications. Dev team please add these features and it would become more user friendly. And I will update 5*. Thanks
Works real good on my tablets. It's OK on one cell not so grate on the other one I bought it for 4 device's come to find out didn't have to oh well its worth it. After like 7or 8 other apps I think this one sounds best it performs the best out of all the ones I've tried it does every thing it says it will. I like the fact that any thing new it adds it for free its up dated like five times. Oh it works grate with blue tooth. If you want a good amp buy it. It does take some time to get it set just right
I think poweramp developers didn't get the original value of this application. poweramp has unbelievable sound quality.I think all poweramp users completely agree with me. actually I think poweramp has amazing quality more than 4 dollars value. if this have a surround settings I think it much better. honestly why are you sell this app for only 4 dollars? I think this value too cheap. I need to say you have black painted gold plate but sorry to say developers you didn't know it. please go ahead I wish.
I love this app, and don't wanna complain...but here it is. I spent a good hour or 2 loading all my album art, one by one.  So I bought the full version as to NOT lose all the time I put into it when the trial expired.  Well, half my album artwork is gone since I bought the unlock.  Other than that I have yet to find any other problems.  Just kinda sucks, losing spent time.
The graphics are fun and there is lots of characters to choose from but the gameplay is really boring. There is no stort and you can't work towards anything new or upgrade and customize carts. Its just the same race over and over again
So difficult to start a game, finally worked out how and started to enjoy the game and boom an update making the game half as long it's not worth the hassle choosing everything
Jesus, it is a freakin' lego game. It shouldn't be that complicated that I can't seem to leave the batcave!!!! Uninstalling! I don't want to be wound up before i even play the thing!!!
They should be more creative  and the game  should  be bigger  not  just writing a car  and shooting your enemies , I think it  needs  more  updates
You all should get this game because this idea was awesome if you like lego games I think that you GET IT
I love it but there's some glitches and why did you guys changed flash's soda can logo to water?
Should have given a tutorial on how to start mission, I had to figure it out myself
Amazing but add the main bad guy joker you can't forget about him but AMAZING GAME
Its a fun game but since i got it  its been draining my battery fast
I generally find what I'm after and am very happy with that. I do wish the comments on individual tabs were available in the ap, rather than just on the web, as these are often helpful when working for a best way to play something new. Works well. Cost is good and I have not needed to buy any extras and have not lost any functionality.
So useful; Essential.
Does everything I need!
Great app.
Great app and adding songs to your favorites list helps alot
Thanks for the quick reply and finding the issue.  Old comment: New version (8 February 2017) on Android Nougat (Sony Xperia X Performance) doesn't display text for tab or chords when you first load a tab due to autofit feature. Tap autofit to view content.
Best app ever. Here's an idea: How about a path from a favorited tab to others from the same band? Also, split screen would be dope so I can have YouTube in the background. I get it, you can't use them, but be a pal and let me. Another idea, a second filter so we can seperate our setlist from things we're just messing around with. Best app ever still though. Peace.
Very good
Beautiful
Good
Works great on my note 5...wish I could make it display only on my lock screen... Can do as main paper or both main and lock screen as of yet. Selection is a bit light..I have photoshop and making my own wallpapers has been fun... That entertainment alone is worth the money. Even got one of my submissions (so far) out there for everyone to enjoy. Doesn't seem to hurt battery life.. For what it is and what you can do with a little creativity this is a great app.
If I only could turn my OWN pictures(hand-drawned as well as photos)into a wallpaper... Sure thing you DO have an appendix in the users manual but I've tried but alas to my big dismay I could not manage turning my own stuff into a wallpaper. But apart from that...A VERY COOL APP  P.S-"pls help with descriptions so I can design my own stuff..how to convert a pict and wich apps to use and so on" -m-
The alignment of wallpaper on the home screen is not perfect,  it is zoomed in so the 2/3 portion of the wallpaper is visible, and there is no option to alter the alignment or zoom. Can the team let me know how to unzoom the wallpaper so it is at center. I am using one plus one. I will give remaining 2 stars if this is resolved.
Can't seem to create my own wallpaper. Background layer works, middle and top don't show up. App has storage permissions, file sizes and formats match, so not sure what's the problem. Other than that awesome app. But I'll be refunding it and will buy it again if custom wallpapers work.
Great game with wonderful gameplay. It doesn't try too hard to be something it's not and the variety of levels and vehicles add to playability. My only gripe is some vehicles aren't as good as I would have liked or hoped. An example is the moonlander, I expected it to be really good on the space themed levels but it's lacking somewhat. But that's a small gripe at best.
Dropped a star. Doesn't work correctly. I have two slots open in my garage. When I change something on one, it changes the other also. I paid to have the banner ads removed a few updates ago, but now I get ads popping up in my game to play Hill Climb 2. Other than that this game is awesome.
Great game. Wish I could move all of my vehicles to the new phone. Had to start all over but all my achievements are still there. So only bad things so far
I honestly think that this is a highly recommended game. The game is ridiculously addictive and the physics are genius for a 2D platform gameplay. There's not even any glitches and ads like random videos that interrupt your gameplay. Keep up the excellent work Fingersoft!
I'm not really a video game player, but I have to admit I find this game rather addicting! My only frustration is that you have to start over from the beginning of each course. It'd be nice if you could just start from the last highest level that you completed.
It's a good little app. I have an older tablet and when I had trouble I e mailed them and ahe helped me to get going again. Thanks.great game !?
Both this and Hill Climb 2 are fun and addictive games. I had HC1 before and I haven't played it in awhile. Started playing again today and I love all the new stuff that's been added since the last time I played. Keep the new stuff coming and keep up the good work everyone. Thanx for makin such fun games.
Found Bug: I had monster truck and rally car. Added third spot for jeep and now whatever I do in spot :#3 is replicated in spot #1. Would appear slots #1 and #3 are linked. So can only have two vehicles despite having three slots - please fix!! 🙁  Being playing this for a long time now. At first the new Garage upedates were not great, but getting used to it. Version 2 is excellent as well - play both!!
Fantastic app, tremendous flexibility.
UI for this app sucks. It's hard to use, make it more user friendly, PLEASE
Should be part of android! So many uses...
Helps getting lazy :)
Great app with endless possibilities.
Great for adding new features to Android.
Works great. Images are automatically refined after you take the the picture, so it ends up looking like a high quality document and not just some crappy picture. Pro version is worth it. Excellent app.
Saved me when my computer was boxed up and I had documents to send!  Super easy to use.
Works really well, very reliable and secure, I am happy to use for confidential documents which are stored with password protection on the phone and also emailed to me, all with a few clicks. Very useful and a professional grade bit of software for a small payment. Marvelous!
I love this thing! This is one of the greatest aid to have on your phone if you do any kind of business and are always on the go.
I like the app. It has helped me out in a pinch more than once. The only problem I have with the app is the file size. The .pdf created is way larger than the same .pdf created by my desktop scanner. This can sometimes make emailing a scan tricky
Amazing little app! Works great as a pdf scanner. Able to use it anywhere. Definitely recommend anyone to upgrade to Pro. I don't buy apps but I went out on a limb on this one and it paid off. Great App!
Crashes after selecting crop lines. "Sorry, this program appears unusual, be about to quit"....
Love this app, no more printing a document, signing it, scanning it,.... You just sign it on the phone using your styles ( have to have a phone with styles, such as samsung note) Then use this app to scan it & save it as PDF so you can email it.
Seems like I can only set one alarm to be integrated at any one time with spotify. Is this a known bug or silly feature im confused
I normally love this app, have been using for years. Yet recently I have been having to set my alarm off multiple times a day. SUPER FRUSTRATING. Please fix
Now have Galaxy S7 and a Gear fit (which are not supported!) which now offer their own sleep monitoring. Don't like the idea of sleeping on my phone or having it in the bed with me. Shame as I purchased the unlock and was supposed to integrate with S Health. Renders this app redundant. Sorry dev's.
Great Job! Love it!
False refund promise
Broken. Don't waste your money on this "limited" mobile version. It's the same as going to the website. But you pay for it here. Even worse, it doesn't even have the functionality of the free website in this paid version
The app hasn't been updated the last 2-3 years. The app is now slow, outdated and has a design stuck in the past. The underlying function is great, but this app is horrendous. If the website wasn't so bad on mobile, I would have used it instead.
Text file edit in that folder cannot save. Is the SD issue resolved? Es note editor issue? Work-around OK on rooted Lollipop. But now a workaround is 'problem solved' ?? Try that claim on a netpad linux variant ! Ok Ok i do remember Windows 3.0 and OS/2 1.0  DOS box 😂  But. Es note édit fails on Android 4.2. So I tested 3 Android versions, 3 generations of tablet, 1 gets a reluctant passing grade for es Pro.
This does everything I could want. Browse my files and let me perform every action I could want, connect via ftp, Google Drive, live drive, etc. I couldn't recommend this more highly.
Latest update broke the Sleep Aid feature.  The sounds played are interrupted every 45 seconds with a second of silence while the clip reverts to the beginning.  Its VERY jarring and absolutely worthless as a sleep aid.
When it works, it's great. But if you forget to manually enable it one night, well... It also can't handle phone reboots. My phone crashed in the middle of the night, and the alarm never went off.
Awesome and makes me combat my sleep inertia. I'm not a morning person but this has helped me get a better conto on that every so imprudent sleep pattern
Had problems with this app when I first got it, but they reached out to me and they helped me fix it. Now the app works fine, good to see decent customer service for once.
An alarm clock that wakes you when you're feeling most ready to wake up! A sleep tracker too. What a great app! I've used it over a year and can't imagine how I lived without it.
It works but I wish I could use it with my Samsung Gear 2 Neo. Helpful to see how well I am sleeping. Something happened to the graph. When I first installed it it would indicate that you could turn it sideways to look at graphs. No turning it on its side any more? So the graphs are smaller. The wake up timer doesn't seem to work any more also. It will wake me up early regardless of whether I am moving or not. Snooze also useless. Keeps going off. It seems good for tracking sleep and that is about all.
Used to love this app as it really helped me wake up and I liked monitoring my sleep quality but since the big update it just cuts out at the same time every night. Reinstalled and it worked for a night but then same problem. Really disappointing.
Awesome
So I was told that the casting of all registered cameras was on the 'list' ages ago so why is it still not possible to be able to show all cameras via Chromecast? if it's possible to cast individual cameras why not have the facility to cast all cameras onto another screen and to use the app to select which one to focus on ??
Low image quality and resolution on FHD cameras and ultra low fps (&lt;1fps) also on high speed networks
Without a doubt the best app ever for web security monitoring! I have multiple cams by different companies and they all function perfectly with tinycam. Tinycam is the best!
They just limited cloud recording length.
It shows the video streams of all the cameras so quickly.  I love it!
Works great. Developer is constantly updating.
Love this application.. Much lover if there is for PC version.
Paid for the paid version and it is not able to pull up any codes for the lights that I have on my BMW. Tried getting help by registering online, but the "forum" section doea not work. Piad app needs to be better.
It should pick up the ODB device automatically just like the old versions of this app. Now it is useless as my ODB device cannot be seen...
Was good until a few updates ago. New it will no longer read "confirmed" faults from my 2001 xterra, however, another app reads that just fine. Sad, because I prefer Torque...
Need to go to adapter status every time or it never connects...  And this app makes me exit it by pressing back in the app, confirming exit, then I have to open task manager and kill the process it left open. And if I go straight to task manager to kill the process, it stays in my notification window. Google should not allow applications that don't fully exit when killed in task manager. This bug needs to be fixed immediately. And if you are going to have your own exit feature, it needs to not stay running.
How do i enable the night mode theme. It is enabled and i picked a second theme for when it gets dark but it does not automatically switch to that theme. Am i missing something?
I have tried multiple adapters and at first torque works well, but after about 30Secs becomes so slow nothing can be used to any great efficacy. Constantly freezing and refreshing gauges about once every 5 seconds. Go to check the setting after 2 mins of using, and theres 107 other errors which you cannot even view, they just exist apparently. Then some of the functions of the app don't even work; tried to use the max warning gauge flash feature and that didn't work. This app used to work now it doesn't.
I have a JDM 2006 Subaru Outback 2.5 and when connecting to the ECU it says it connected OK. However to get basic data like RPM, TPS or Intake temperature it says "no data". Would appreciate some feedback on why this app is not user friendly.
I have the light version also, this is all you need.  the other one (pro) tells you how fast you can go from 0 to 60 if you do it.  I can't get a refund.  nobody replies from the email supplied.  all out scam seeming, however the light version works well
Does most things you'll need it to. Few compatibility issues here and there. But for the price of the app and a adapter coming in less then a basic scanner this is by far more information packed. Good app over all and recommended.
Have only had the app a few days, and already decided it's crap. Trying to stream episodes and it freezes whether over wifi or mobile network. Having to force close then reopen an app to get it to work is an app that doesn't work. Wish I could get a refund but I think it's too late.
Bought this app because it was recommended,  I was originally dissapointed, i found it difficult to find podcasts i wanted,  and when i subscribed it didn't  automatically download new episodes. I am happy to say it has improved greatly and I am now a satisfied  user.
I love the app there is only one little thing that can be a bit annoying. Sometimes the podcast stops playing and I have to press the play button but that's the Only thing that I can point out. Keep up the great work
Stable, attractive and intuitive except creating a playlist.  I feel like I shouldn't have had to poke around so much to find a feature that should be front and center.  If I'm paying 4$ for an app and I experience frustration with the app, that's not cool.
Love the app. Nice simple design with good features. One thing I would like is a simple RSS feed option. You can use some just in the search but sometimes I've had trouble. Aside from that this has been my all around podcast app.
I am using the app on Android 7.1, having hew usability issues. Mainly with the play/ pause from notification shade, not able to see the play pause on notification shade and lock screen. There is no documentation how to resolve the issue.
Best game ever it is so much fun for everyone plus it gives you a good time playing it because it brings back old and new characters from the world of the fastest thing alive. Also you don't need internet so you can go anywhere and play this wonderful game
With games like this, you wonder why anyone would buy Mario run. This game looks great, plays well, it's really fun, and it's free! I would gladly pay 4 or 5 dollars for this game. Luckily, you can unlock most features in the game by simply playing more. There are 2 characters right now (Espio and classic Sonic) who can only be unlocked with actual money. No characters play differently. It's mainly for cosmetic appeal. This is a fun time waster and it's fun to play with friends in person just to see how bad they inevitably mess up in a split moment. They've also updated the bosses so you don't just have to tap anywhere. Now, you have to time it at a specific point and hit a certain spot. I can't think of anything wrong with this app. Especially for the price, this is a definite must have. It's well put together, well supported, and it's really fun.
I had this app on my old phone and I had many characters unlocked through countless hours of collecting red rings in game. I recently got a new phone and downloaded the game but my characters and my maxed upgrades were all lost. I tried signing in with Facebook, Google play, and restoring purchases but nothing worked. All that dedicated time and effort all gone
Earning red rings is a chore because I can't finish levels, since guess what?, I CAN'T CONTROL THE CHARACTER PROPERLY. Controls are sluggish and unresponsive. Graphics and level design are amazing, but I can't get anywhere without watching ads because controls basically don't work. Put arrow buttons on screen, get rid of the swipe crap.
Cant say much but i have been playing SEGA SONIC since i was 5 years old on all games platforms & consoles. Not only is it one of my all- time-favorites but its the only game that i can literally call addictive. Thank u SEGA,keep it up.
The game is fixed and i love it now. I thought the Daily Spin was a con, and it was impossible to win a character from it, but I recently won Silver from it! He was the character I was saving up Red Star Rings for! Lucky me. I also unlocked Knuckles from the 300 tickets I had to collect. Not a con like lots other games.  Again,  a game that doesn't con you... This is just proof how much SEGA cares for the fans unlike a big Mario company I know.
Sonic Dash is a fun sonic game with easy controls and basic and useful upgrades with lots of goals to reach forward to, definitely a game to play for a while and good replayability. Overall not my favorite but it is an app after all so I can cut it a break
After playing this game for a few years I'm sad to say I have had many problems with transferring my game data and with this new phone I have somehow managed to lose my hours and days of work! Every character and upgrade I have worked so hard for has been stripped from me and won't transfer to my new phone. I will not be playing this game anymore!
Omg! This game is so awesome! I downloaded it to play then my three year old caught a glimpse at it and now he doesn't want to stop playing it and he's super good at it too .and he loves   Eggman and knows the lines Now he won't stop saying "thought you could defeat me? Haha!" This game is so much fun for adults and kids! So play on people it's a great game!
This would have 5 Stars Easy if it wasn't for the frequency of Diamonds & Coins I have purchased only to have some disappear without any action on my part. I have invested a lot more cash into this game over Any game I have played. After keeping notes to make sure this was not my own miscalculation, I am deeply upset by this and I am doing my best to avoid further spending. It is such a fun & addictive game. Such a shame.
My previous comments have disappeared but I would like to say this app is really well done in all areas except as A LOT of reviewers have said it costs too much in terms needing gems to progress! Purely a money making effort on the part of the app developers. This needs more balance- better and much more frequent casino wins, better daily gem gifts and coins, and much better tournament prizes. I won the bakery tournament but it cost me well over 500 gems, to stay in the game because of the gem requirements etc and tournaments need to be much shorter. Ps thanks Steve you did well to place second there were a few players chomping at your heels! I was okay I made sure to get well ahead and stay well clear! So congrats to you too! Cheers, Tanya.
I like this game but here is my issue- every time I play the slots to win more diamonds, it rarely lands on the one diamond & I have never won the 2 or 3 diamonds... it's frustrating when I love to play it but can't win diamonds to upgrade my kitchens. Why can't you make the odds more favorable...
I personally love this game. Its really addictive and you dont need wifi to use it x there isnt many adss which is amazing . My inly problem is that it can be quite confusing to get the hang of. But once you understand how to use it its fabulous. Really recommend this game WARNING YOU WILL GET ADDICED😂
I like the game, but when I reset my phone and reinstall the game, all of my progress are gone! I always play with google play on, I have no problem with other games progress they're safe except this game. I had bought 3 restaurant but sadly I have to start from begin again. I hope no one experience the same after me.
The game is ok I guess.it is just that I cannot download it. I have had this game before and that is how I know that it is a great game. Thanks for creating it! It is not doing anything all the it says is downloading pending! I'm not that happy. I have installed it now and it works very well accept now there are no sound affects only music it is very annoying!
It was really good until people started posting the tips and tricks to getting more gems. The casino has been fixed to where it's almost impossible to win gems now, so you have to rely on leveling up and the two gems per day when you return. It's a shame because it completely halts your process in restaurants. There should be a way to watch a video for gems or something. Some upgrades cost 70 gems which is 35 days.
Phenomenal! I can't fathom the potential this game has to become even better. It's such a fantastic title already. I honestly wish the console games played this well. Well done for another 5 star Anime game title, Bandai Namco! :]
I love this game but when I play on multiplayer I no longer get the 5 crystals for playing with new people. I thought maybe it reset every month or every week but I haven't got any? I would love an explanation and keep up the good work! (New update didn't fix this bug for me)
Just another SAO game in which you have no unique character customization. Just play along as the same characters in the same story. Just like all the other SAO games out there. Would be nice to just play a SAO and not follow the freaking Anime/Manga.  And when you save up 250 Diamonds prepare to be dissapointed. You will get one 4* and the rest are 2*. It can be fun. But don't waste any cash on it. It's not worth it.
This game has the same exact story line as the show I'm so glad that this game is out makes me feel happy like I'm in the actual SAO series. The only thing I'd like I'd if we can progressively unlock characters instead of buying them
There are a lot of little positives, and a few big negatives. The game looks great and feels like a real RPG, sticking to the original story. There are cool things here and there, but that's about it. There's nothing special about the game that separates it from other mobile games like Bleach Brave Souls, especially the controls, which you'll find other reviews about. It's very one-note, and that one-note could be better. I love the game, but there's just not enough substance to make me keep wanting to play
The rates are disgusting. In FE Heros, Dokkan Battle, Brave Souls and so forth, sure its rare to get the best cards. BUT AT LEAST THEIR LOWEST RATED CARDS AREN'T OVER 70% LIKE THIS GAME. As of now, i will never spend money on this game, it doesn't deserve it.
Balls make no difference no matter what kind u have.. such bullshit.. I'm a level 5 playing against level 90 lol  .. this game is a JOKE ALWAYS WANTS YOUR MONEY.   WORST GAME I PLAYED YET ON GOGGLE PLAY....
I just get tired of losing my money because the connection gets lost when I have full bars on my cell phone... also twice I played somebody and had a lot more coin in my account and by the time I'm finished bowling one game with them they clear my account out. Please fix this
This game is probably the most REAL you could get also it is very simple controls and great for younger guests plus if your looking for a great sports game look to see if it is miniclips because that company is legit and the make fantastic games. Bowling Kings for life.
The game is great and games aren't too long the only complaint I have is that to get certain items in the game such as, different pins you basically need to spend real life money.
To many glitches now since 2 updates ago wont let me play with my fav balls only lets me play with the blue or pink one and all lanes say under construction
Needs to be updated. Some players get away with winning when they shouldn't. The physics are not correct. Pins fall before the ball hits them. Balls roll over banana peels and don't slip. Balls roll right through polls.
Hit the pin same place every time, sometimes different results.
I lost half a million chips cuz my wifi disconnected, I refuse to play a game that has no save for it. It's unstable as fk and everyone you disconnect your opponents wins and you lose everything you saved up for days.
It's so fun and addicting you won't be able to stop playing especially if you love bowling. I've had this game for so long and it's so good for when you're bored
I can't change wallpaper in my xiaomi Redmi Note 3 SD . When i go for wallpaper change menu it says cannot change please home screen and nothing will happen. I used a third party wallpaper for changing home screen wallpaper but that is slowing my phone so kindly update as soon as possible. If I am a paid customer of yours then please highlight on this matter.
Very good launcher containing virtually anything you wish in a launcher plus it's surprisingly fast (like turbo), and yet I'm a picky geek who appreciate myriad settings and features. If you add tons of more features I'm happier, but you deserve a five star rating indeed and I seldom give apps that since I'm picky. And as opposed to the other user here I like it better than Action Launcher. Only thing I'd really like is if you add horizontal swipe gesture option, as I use only one screen.
I was initially introduced to Nova Launcher with a Liquidsmooth ROM I had flashed years ago. I loved it from the start. Smooth and easy interface with many, Many customization options. Whenever I get a new phone I almost immediately download Nova Launcher. I've also purchased Prime to utilize all of Nova's options. I can't think of using any other launcher besides this perfect piece of work!
Been playing around with this for a good 3 hours seeing what I like best it's amazing. You can customize anything on your phone and make it yours. This is a great app and it's worth every penny. No wonder it gets such high praise.  I feel like an idiot missing out on all these years without it.
Incredible customization for enhanced productivity... plus is just super cool. 😊 ~ Nova launcher not only allows you to change the look and feel of your Android device, but it also allows you to create awesome custom workflows to help stream line my productivity. Resizable widgets is pretty sweet, too. ~ Apple doesn't have anything like this. So glad I converted to Android after being a diehard Apple user over the past 5 years.
I am one that has an Android purely for the fact I am able to customize and truly make it my own. Nova makes it simple and easy to do. I've been using for over a year now, even switching phones due to one being stolen, and can honestly say I've never had an issue or even thought about trying another launcher.
Just bought this and really like it a lot. I love all the options and settings to customize and really enjoy the Marshmallow icons. There is one thing that needs to be added is some kind of auto hide nav bar from bottom or something like that it hides when not using phone and then brings the nav up when doing something on the phone. I would be even more happy if that feature was added. I will still give 5 stars for the app but please add some kind of auto hide nav bar to it. Kind of annoying to see the nav bar always there all the time.
Every time I restart my Galaxy S5 with MM 6.0.1, my apps disappear. I have to change back to TouchWiz in order to retrieve my apps. I contacted the developers via email and haven't received a response as of yet. Nova appeared to be a very good app which is why I purchased the Prime update. After I receive a response and a fix from the developers, I will gladly change my review.
It's OK but doesn't give you enough moves to do much of anything. And it likes to steal move and freeze whenever you already close to beating a level within 2 move. It likes to rip you off. Uninstall. What a shame this game could have been great.
Great time waster. Can play all day. It takes a couple of seconds to load and it won't let me add it to facebook, but it's better than nothing. And it doesn't take much space on your gigabytes, so that's a plus
Game freezes way to much and takes away your bonuses! DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THUS GAME!
Since the update, it will not load, stays stuck on the checking version part of the load. Fun while it lasted but alas another game from Rovio that was ruined from needless updates and ruined as a result.
Game keeps telling me to login to Facebook but never connects. Otherwise game is fun to play. Can't understand why there is a quest to connect to fb if it won't let you. Real bummer.
I would rate this 5 stars however lately when I try to play this game it will not work. I have lost at least five lives because the game has a service issue and shuts off mid game. I've updated and reloaded yet nothing happens. I think I will have to uninstall the game.
Crashes at launch on Asus tablet me302c, android 4.3 so i can't even try it. Has anyone an idea why it's happenning? I got enough of free space and ram on the device
Game is very addictive, I would give it 5 stars but it loads the play screen really slowly. And I have a very powerful phone. Hate to see what it does on a slow processor.
Good game but unfortunately it does not let me do daily tasks just takes my life and ends game so needs to be fixed its 3 months later and no response to this and still not fixed
Need more ways to earn gold other than only w challenging someone else...I don't usually play against someone so it would be nice in the single person challenges to earn gold,arrows,bows,sights for the score u get.that would really improve the game & perhaps then I'd be playing more pvp.
I don't know what they've done to this game but the aiming on it is impossible now it's too jerky there's not enough sensitivity to the screen it used to be a good little guy but now it's just a pain in the arse
Miniclip strikes again. Any game without the option to disable annoying push notifications should automatically get 1 star reviews from everyone.
Great game but challenge mode and tim3 mode only let's you play 2or 3 rounds before either you buy more arrows or wait 24hrs.relly guys always boutique the money come on now other than  that great game
When i opened the game, its coming "your hardware is not suitable for this software". I updated my tab in system update but nothing happened. What to do??
I love this game it's very challenging i just hate the pop up adds. why dont yall put those on the game and keep them off my phone everytime i want to get on something outside the game it adds pop up and i hate it put them on yall own game please
Downloaded this game on both my phone and tablet, it won't  let me on line with ether. A compleat wast of time and data. Plenty of other games that are similar that work OK.  I suggest  you try them instead.
It was the best archery game I've ever played on a phone. Its really fun and very challenging at times because you even have to account for wind like in reality.  Can't wait to see this in VR.
Its really an awsm game and the best thing I liked about it is that the dresses are really beautiful I wonder that I could buy all of them just trying to collect more N more diamonds . And the mini games are also fantastic every thing z just fabulous. Awsm wrk keep it up.★☆♥♡
Love it but have some complaints, It takes forever to level up but its not that much of a biggie and the stickers are so hard to get. I get lots of duplicates and last of all I wish her voice would sound more adult like as she grows up. Pls take note of this.
i loved it. I play it all the time. It's the best game I have ever played. If you think it's bad your wrong. But people have their own opinion. So ok. I love it. You people are crazy if you don't.
It's very wonderful app how anyone can say that it is too boring it is the funniest app ever. But there is one thing l am giving you 5🌟 that does not mean that it is very good you should make it more better and stop giving duplicate stickers again and again its very difficult for us to collect new stickers.
Loved this game angela !  I loved this game so much angela is so cute so sweet and lovely and controls are very good I like to brush the teeth of angela .  But earing diamond is so diffcult so much I have anly 10 diamond we have to see video this is so bad but plz think something about diamond and make it easy to  earn
This is so super fun! This is fun game :) i am loving this one i think that this one is update because now there are cakes and if you have internet you will click gift and watch movies and then you will choose some gifts i choose the 6 diamonds :)
after watching the video I am unable to get my gift even when I am using 4G data still ,(I am feeling very bad to say this ) almost I have watch 4vudeos but still I have got only one gift so mean of you
Used to work well but now about once a month they break it for a day or 2 just to make our lives miserable. Do you at least test your updates before you go live??
Newest update stinks! Fix this. I can't see my schedule.
Wtf! Where are the app creators responding to our concerns and saying they will fix this? Bueller? Bueller? This is BS!
UPDATE: Just got news my employer will be ditching this useless app. Thanks for making me come in to work sick! Peice of crap app.  This app is almost always broken. It screwed me and my employer. People had to come in sick because the developers cant keep the app working. Whoever made this should be sued
I just updated and now I can't even log in. I can see everyone else is having the same issue. Please fix this ASAP!!!!!!
Can't log in now with new update.  What joke.
Keeps giving an error message. Can't access the app after login
I don't know own what's going on with this app it's not working I can no longer at my schedule. Please fix it. Like today.
My phone is vivo x5 pro hifi phone with 24/192khz playback support.but when I play 24/192 there was a noticeable hiss sound which other resolution files dont have. But my stock player,neutron and jet music apps dont have this problem.otherwise very good sound quality.fix it and I will give 5 stars.
Wonder Woman's jet wasn't an invisible jet!!! It's a normal jet it's white it has good graphics!!! Cat woman is pretty!! But the lastest updates are bad!!!
Awesome game but the last update I play  the game and it was kind of boring but then until this new update I loved the game.
This game is so entertaining and i love it you can get new character's and you can drive
I think the game  have good graphics and just one thing sometimes I get bored playing the fun and boring game
Downloaded for my 10 year old and he said it was boring
Not able to reach next stage No options provided
1 race in.....  And got stuck.....couldnt find a second race....
Its ok but there is a lot of lag
Bought the app, and the first upgrade and still didn't have any of the songs I needed. Don't buy unless you're willing to buy the entire $20 app. You mind as well just use the site for free. I've used the site for 8 years and I'm very disappointed in their app.
Pathetic. They changed the app so if you paid for it several years ago, like I did, you have to pay again to 'unlock' features that were available last week. I'm uninstalling and never giving these people my money ever again. I suggest you do the same. Anyone is better than these fools. I used to swear by these people.
This app really helps when you want to play a song but don't know the chord. It has maybe 95% of the songs you want to finds. Also I love the offline feature if you add the songs to your favorites list. The only thing is that it's not great at telling you the new songs out that everyone is listening too, but other than that I love it! The only app that I've ever purchased
This is a buggy mess that crashes more often than it finds the song you're looking for. Songs from specific artists are not organized in logical pattern making popular artists impossible to browse easily. I would have gotten a refund by now, but I don't think it's worth my time.  Plus it asks you to rate the app as soon as you open it.
Worst desicion to purchase this app, no use unless you buy the full version for $9.99. All features are locked unless you pay the app even after paying the $2.99 base price, don't trust these scammers, or any of the 5 star reviews, works as well as the Internet tabs work.
Sooo much upselling of features they should have simply included in the paid app. Every week there's a new campaign for crap you don't need. That's irritating as hell. I paid for the app. Just shut up and give me a good functional app instead of ads within an app I paid for.
If I wanted a poorer selection than what's available on the free website I wouldn't have paid for the basic offering. Then I get your adds in the notification bar, that's very cheeky! Deliver SOMETHING with your basic offering instead of being so greedy. I got nothing for my money!
Looks like the QA team are lacking again. A lot of the Pro Tabs are no longer working due to backing tracks not being aligned with the tabs.  Update: What is going on?? Now that the above issue is fixed, now have an issue where the majority of pro tabs don't  work. Get an opps. Something goes wrong error.
Paid money for coins on this app and my son uninstalled it, I thought id be able to reinstall and get my progress back but nope I've lost everything!! All progress and money and time wasted!! What a joke!! NOT HAPPY!!!
I think this game is really awesome.... however.... fix the consistency in which the wings on cars like the super off road break... like nothing is more irritating to me than jumping, landing correctly, and then having to deal with a car that isn't functional anymore
Good game really addictive thoe and I can't stop playing it well done can you make it a little more exiting by adding more upgrade options like nitro or make it so you can customise the character. Or something along that line but it is already a very good game but good be better I do have a glich where my fuel runs out straight away when I start but only every so often very rare but doesn't matter I've downloaded games that don't even run and just crash on loading screen or that just don't play. Thank you
I love this game , it's fantasric i would rate it 5 stars . when i crash with the car  i'm playing with. you wait 4 or 5 seconds and the game stops and we need restart playing another ok. But the problem is that if you can wait for the vehicle to stop and then you can stop . That would really greatfull if you can do it. Thank you
My grandsons downloaded this on my phone then asked me to help them get more coins. Now I'm addicted and its fun. When I'm bored i pull out the game and drive away...was even able to install on my laptop. I definitely recommend trying this game
Game is very nice. But many times it doesn't responds. Garage is just waste. Please make as like that  I can take any of the car's engine, body,tyres etc. So that the car will be Best.
Great time killer. Hate most of the stages and vehicles.  A waste of coins. Love beach and highway, race car and monster truck.   Haven't spent real money and don't intend to so that rules out HC2.  but am good at ignoring ads. Garage is a waste too.
What can I say? This is without question my all-time favourite app on any of my phones! It's smooth, addictive and really fun! If I could rate it 6 stars, I would have!
The best $3 I've spent.
This app is one of the reasons I love Android.
Swiss knife!
Excellent all android users must get
Great for any kind of automation, period.
Please add folders to arrange the profiles in
Bare bones app. Missing feature:  automatically calculate how long I'll sleep for from the time I enable the alarm. For being a smart alarm clock, I'm surprised it doesn't.
Latest update seems to make alarm volume jump to maximum after a few seconds which jerks me (and my wife!) out of sleep horribly! Snooze also seems to be very sensitive now too. I know the devs are working on an update and I can't wait for them to fix these issues and add microphone tracking. I'll be rerating this to 5 stars when that happens as I know this is usually an excellent app but unfortunately for now it's a little bit useless for me.
Sleep Cycle has changed my life. I finally feel in control of my sleeping habits and I'm enjoying the benefits of a good nights sleep.  Thank you!  Update:The new updates have made an amazingly useful app even better! I can't thank you guys enough!
Most refreshing wake ups I've ever had, it's also just really interesting to see how much I wake up during sleep. some nights where it says I've woken up 5 or 6 times I definitely feel like I have. Thanks for the app
Features missing from ios, I read a review online that this is more accurate because it uses a microphone over an accelerometer HOWEVER only the ios version offers this functionality, making this app no better than any other of the inaccurate apps using an accelerometer to measure it.   Very disappoint, can only assume they've been paid money for some sort of exclusivity deal.
I'm almost Impossible to wake up normally as I turn off alarms in my sleep, however this app seams to have finally found me the answers. Highly recommended 😊
It would be great if I could set multiple repeating alarms, pause the tracking at night and zoom on charts exploring them in detail. Additional stats on the amount of light sleep vs deep sleep would come in handy. Overall the UI is beautiful. Clean and simple. No cluttered elements. Recommended.
It does not work. The time axis is in readable with numbers written over numbers. It also tells me I have slept for 23 hours!
Used to need 5 alarms that might wake me up on time. This app actually wakes me up on time with only one alarm. It's worth the money for that alone.
IMHO (and what do I know having been in IT for years and years) this is the best ipcamera app for android. Have been using it continually since 2011. And I bought a licence which says something! The author keeps updating it and adding features. I just hope he doesn't spoil this app by making it too "feature rich ".
We've been using this for a year and a half for our baby camera. The initial set up is a B. It's a little delayed which is fine, and overall it's been a good camera. We just connected our second baby cam and it's not just delayed, it takes up to minutes to load one camera and then doesn't stay connected. The split screen isn't the greatest either. Could be more user friendly.
I've been using the pro version of this app for about 2 years and have been very happy with it until now. I keep getting unreliable connections with this player while other players work ok. The developer tells me there is a beta version which addresses a number of known problems and I'm hopeful that this is one of them.
This app is great, it provided me with a solution when I couldn't get the Zmodo app to notify on motion.  I use this app on a dedicated Android phone coupled with Tasker and Pushbullet and never miss a thing now.  The only issue I have is that it stopped recording JPEGs to Google drive. I have yet to figure that one out.
I'm sure this is a great app once you're able to get it set up, but I couldn't find any instructions on how to add my NVR to TinyCam. I sent an email to the dev and got a cursory response. When I sent more emails providing more details of my setup issue, they were all ignored. Make sure to try the free version to make sure your system works with TinyCam before you shell out for the pro version.
I didn't think it supported PIR alarm until support contacted me.  Awesome support!
I have tried other apps...this is the best so far.  UPDATE: Updated my phone to a Samsung Galaxy S4 some time ago. The app works even better, and enhancements added to the app since my initial review make the best even better... if you get what I mean   😊
I use this app to monitor Amcrest and Foscam cameras.  It is very easy to set up, and the video quality is nice.  TinyCam even has more features than the manufacturer app.  The ability to rotate video feeds comes in handy.
Forgot I'd left a bad review as didn't work on 2002 diesel golf. Not Ians fault. App is brilliantly designed. Shame I can't get it to work on mine.
Very good app as used on all my old car but it cant read my 2002 1.8 tdci can you please update to be able to read these cars its reads my hdi just not my current car please update as i have paid version of this app and will rate 5 stare as never had and any faults with this app untill now
If your only interested in engine sensor readings and pretty gauges it's ok. But it won't access any other control units on any of my cars..  so you can't check abs,climate control, gearbox etc for error codes.  Useless.
Great app,let me know right away that the Elm 327  mini I purchased was a  "CHEAP CLONE" !!! So be wary of what adapters you're buying & who from !! -( I'd be very grateful to anyone who can tell me how & where to get a 100% genuine adapter that actually works with Torque Pro,many thanks!!!)
I attempted to contact support  this does not buzz test as advertised. This is a very basic program. Waste of money
The only thing that I need is a misfire counter this app doesn't have anything like that counts cylinder misfire that's a piece of junk
Only Ap i have ever paid for.. worth its weight in gold! Skkkrrrtttt... Scratch that it is now worth its weight in plastic.. Update shut down comms on my new stylo2 and 99f150
This app works as promised and seldom fails. Well with it!  Revision; I loved this app and then I had to do a factory reset on my Samsung Galaxy 3 phone. Now, the app is no longer compatible with my phone so I can no longer download it from Google play.  I degraded them to 2 stars when it wouldn't work on my phone any longer. They were nice enough to send me the old version so I could continue to use this app. This is one of my favorite apps on my phone. Thanks for sending me the old app Shifty Jelly!
The app works well but the biggest problem is that when you first subscribe to a podcast every episode you haven't heard is marked "played" as the default so it becomes easy to forget which episodes you've heard already. Way way overpriced for what you're getting.
Overall, it's an excellent app.  There is one issue that annoys me.  Each time I stop listening to a podcast it continues to play the next time I plug in my headset. This forces me to return to the app and again shut it down so I can continue using my android phone.  Any ideas?
This is my preferred podcasting app. But i do find some features lacking: I can't search by episodes, only podcasts, and there are often limits on podcast history. Still smooth and simple.
Hey guys, I've noticed that after you subscribe to a Podcast channel, there's no way to look at its description. The only way to do so is go back to the "Discover" section, search for it and then you can access the description. I find it to be inconvenient. Please add  Podcast description tabs within Channels we already subscribe to.  Otherwise, great app.
Was looking for a well designed podcast catcher that was cross platform and was capable of casting too. The app can be a little pricey for some, but the team is small and need some money to only make it better so I am more than happy to support the cause. Would recommend this to anybody looking for a good podcast player.
A good app ruined by a major bug: 50% of the time you press "play" from the widget, the sound will come only out of one ear. The only workaround is to pause, kill the notification, and try again — or only ever press play from within the app. I'm quickly getting tired of having to do this.  Other media control widgets have the exact same bug too, and only with this app.  (I would gladly change this review of this big is fixed)
This is a pretty basic podcast player that works well most of the time. Unfortunately, many times that the app is updated, the playback speed option breaks. In the latest update, I actually lost everything and had to start back over from scratch to download all of my old podcasts, reset my default playback speed, etc. I may need to look for a new podcast app.
When streaming podcasts over my home wifi the episodes work for a good 5-10 mins then suddenly stop. At first I thought this was just buffering, but its not. The app simply stops playing audio and forces me to close and restart the app EVERYTIME this occurs. Other users seem to be having the same problem, send help
Game randomly chugs which eats inputs and causes cheap deaths and turns into a slideshow even in the menus. Some of the obstacle layouts are literally impossible to get past without taking damage or because they put a row of blocks behind a wall you cant see through
It's alright. No fireworks but it is alright. I see myself getting very bored with it in a few weeks time. Also, it gets way too hard, way too fast. Eventually,  you get to obstacles that are right near impossible to get through.
Tries  to divert you to their store to buy more lives with rl money every time you wipe out. Come on! These games are all about trial and error and try try again anyway.  If you willing to spend money this game is going to make you poor very fast.
But it's a little frustrating when you watch a video to continue your progress then either it straight up crashes to back to your phones home menu or gets laggy to the point where you'll die almost instantly so there's no point in bothering. Might just be my phone, but idk. The Hello Kitty crossover is super cute, though.
It's fun, but sometimes the level design can be cheap at times. The game expects me to react quick to certain obstacles like rolling to dodge an obstacle but then quickly jump to dodge the next one, and then roll was again to dodge another obstacle for the last time. I hate those parts of the game, but the rest is fine.
Downloaded it and loved it , Sat their for ages getting 60 redstars to unlock shadow and collected all 623 Sonic catridges to unlock classic sonic. And then I go to play it after work the next day and all my game data was deleted  which is really disappointing because I enjoyed the game but I will not play it from the start again. Don't know if you can sort it out , but I would appreciate a response
Good game to play while trying to kill some time. One thing I have on it is that their are some characters that need money. I know it's a way of making their money, but it would be fun to at least play them now and then..
Ft Worth you are a lot more to do with me and you are a little more than anything in the world to me that he is not the best thing To say I was in my life with you in my room and the Two I don't think so too 👶good morning 👶 good morning 👶 girl I know that I was going to Vegas view of my heart
U know it will be way better if u can add an event or a mission box to get the seven chaos emeralds to be able to turn to super sonic using the seven chaos emaralds button I'll give u 5 stars and its way better than sonic dash 2 sonic boom
I really love how addicting this game is! You won't believe me unless you've actually downloaded and played the game yourself. A great way to kill some time if you have nothing to do or are waiting for something. I absolutely LOVE this game!
The in app purchases are to outrageous. I have purchased many packages for the gems.... But the upgrades are out of control. Its not worth the download or the time any more. Make the upgrade more reasonable.... Because this game is a dumb money pit.
Instead of wasting time decorating for holidays how about adding more restaurants like you keep promising you will! (In the next update) BTW, I spent over 200 gems in order to play your latest rip off distraction.  In all I earned 20 gems.  Spoiler alert!!! Avoid the tournaments unless you like watching your time and money flushed down the toilet!!!
When you play you lose customers who you don't even see beyond frustrating!  Making you loose the level making it impossible to advance.   Plus why don't the coins disappear after they pay why do we have to click on them so annoying and not fun.   Fix and I'll give it 5 stars.
I will change my rate when a new update is released. None of these silly challenges that take a lot of gems and are difficult to get a win. Also, if there is not going to be an update, then remove all the buttons that indicate a new game in the next update! Because I just updated and was an update on the players clothes... BORING!
I LOVE this game.  I have been playing for two years and have gotten quite far in the game.  My phone broke and I had to get another.  To my chagrin, there is no way to transfer progress.  I am not happy to start over, knowing it could happen again.
I really like the game but am beginning to resent it. Why? Cos I tried buying the discounted diamonds but they told me the card wasn't valid, I tried another card that went through but the transaction was processed. I have been trying for days and the time limit for me to buy some upgrades are running out. Please sort me out this morning cos I've promised myself that if this fails am not playing this game again. Right now when I download a new restaurant I can't load it even when my network is strong, this started sometime back and I downloaded a new game then it's happening again
Please design a new restaurant!!!!!  My patients are running out as it is just taking so long and I am losing interest fast.  I think I will eventually just delete the game in the end as the delays continue.  I would like to recommend after the Mountain site, you should create a Space site and an under Ocean site to keep the game going and more challenging to beat!!!
This game is incredibly fun. The ability to play with friends is what makes this for me. The combat takes some getting used to, but it is fluid and fun after this period. The game almost feels like it discourages you from spending as the payout is hardly justifiable compared to what is spent. You also get tons of the in-game currency through many various tasks.
So far good. It may need a little depth in the future and i haven't hit a freemium paywall yet. Its only about time. Otherwise it a lot of fun and offers a more focused and hands on approach than other games like this. Edit: However it does also suffer from a broken system that relies on horrible drop rates for any character of worth. Addictive and occasionally fun freemium money pit. Edit 2: constant and increasingly annoying connectivity issues.
Fun idle RPG if you're a fan of the series. Controls can be irritating and quests are repetitive. The story is great, of course. My biggest complaint is that there really isn't anything to do with the low-tier characters you get while searching for the rare ones.
I can't update, and can't find error online the error is (P100053:{0}). I have looked online for this error and no one can find out. Please msg me if you know how to fix!
I have currently hit the pay wall. I've scouted 3 times with the 250 option. I've only gotten one 4* Character and it was Agil. All the rest are genuinely terrible. This game is a huge cash grabber. You can't progress through the story without paying money to get stronger or grind for days on end constantly. I'm pretty upset with how horrible the Scout Chances are, how I'm stuck at a wall for the story, and the fact that once you finish all of the story on normal and hard, there's no good way to get diamonds's afterwards. If I payed $44, 3 times and I only got one 4*? Absolutely Terrible... don't waste your money
Its not the easiest to play, but I like it none the less. My major problem is that it kicks me out every four to five minutes,  also it crashes every time I enter the events. These issues will need to be fixed soon so I can thoroughly enjoy the game. So until then, low rating
Awesone game but freezes occasionally.  Great game for advent sao lovers. The game keeps freezing when I click special quest but the game won't let me do anytging else
Review got deleted. Basically bosses are too overpowered with purple attacks and duel opponents don't flinch making it nearly impossible unless you have high health character(ie +20 levels of what the recommended level is for the quest). Controls are great except you cannot dodge upwards only jump, jumping does not protect from attacks. This is a great example of what a mobile app should be. This is an amazing must get app with a few critical flaws.
Could use a little more control sensitivity and the pins seem to have a mind of their own. The exact same strike on the pins can have different effects. It just seems like certain aspects are based on luck.
I love that this game is very realistic. It's realistic because in the real world you knock down maybe 7 pins. What I'm saying is that you knock down the number of pins you would in real life.
It's a great game, I have been addicted since the day I found it and haven't stopped playing it for longer then a day. Highly recommended game.
Won't work every time I download it is just a android logo saying mini clip/pinix has stopped working
Has a few ads, but overall the gameplay is decent. Would rather have more control over the ball being thrown
Great game once u know how!! Found it tricky at 1st but now addicted &lt;3 &lt;3
I love it but I think its rigged to. Ill be whipping that ass abd all a sudden the opponent is kicking my ass. Other then that its an awesome game.
I think this is the most simple, useful, customizable and battery/memory friendly launcher. I have been using it for a while now and I just love it. The feel is soooo stock and you can personalize almost everything. Only thing that bugs me though, is that you cannot access Google now app by swiping to the right on home screen. I'm sure it is a limitation set by Google, maybe.
I'm using it since a month and found that everytime while clearing the recent apps in control centre doesn't takes to homescreen rather homescreen appears for half a second and again the recent apps screen comes. For going to homescreen from here I need to tap home button 3-4 times and wait for 2 sec. Also after unlocking the phone through fingerprint scanner takes me to recent apps screen instead of homescreen in this launcher.
It has more or less every option you could possibly be looking for. On top of that it's very user friendly! Worth paying £0.50. before I had the normal version and some options were locked and it told me I had to get prime....I thought it would be something like 2 pounds..But it's only 50p... Totally worth it
I've been using Nova for over a year now and I'm not looking back. I started on a Samsung phone and it makes TouchWiz look like trash. I have a Google Pixel now, and even though Google's UI is functional and tasteful, Nova's ability to use icon packs combined with its customizability won me over once again within a week.
Not sure how many times I have written this review. But just had to say it again. It's difficult to explain how intricacy and simplicity can be part of the same package. It's blooming brilliant!!! Soooo fast!!!! One suggestion please improve the tesla badge count - it lags to show straight away the number of unread messages. Otherwise thank you devs.
Not as responsive & too laggy at times. Google's launcher on my Nexus 6P (7.1.1) is just pure buttah.  The lack of ability to swipe back n forth from Google Now to home screen is the killer.  Customization is def a plus tho.
The only gripe I could find is that I don't have the swipe left Google now page but that's Google's fault. Quick support responses. Great features that are up to date. Really a solid app. I've got my 6p set up just like the pixel.
Nova routinely lags my Samsung S6, hogging even up to 99% CPU usage which suggests a memory leak or a function being repeatedly called which keeps getting stuck in a loop. I regularly have to do a Nova restart or reboot the phone itself.
Been using  Line Launcher  for years and love it. But found Nova Launcher and find myself  creating  so cool themes, So much so I got prime. Only complaint  I have is when using my graphics on creating icons.... wish you would have shape cutouts and have color  edges  with it. Still get 5 stars for I really  love this app.
It would have been a five until the last update. Now during every life it locks up and won't even give the option to submit issues going on. Please fix.
WOULD YOU PLEASE FIX THE DAMN GAME TO STOP FREEZING OR SHUTTING DOWN RANDOMLY. I AM TIRED OF LOSING LIVES AND EVERY THING
Game freeze up on some levels made me looose lives but over all im hooked because incame points gives me extra stuff. Just please fix the freezze thing the i give a five
Love everything but it takes to long to load each game. That wastes my time and I get tired of waiting!
You continue to make *free* games. All this is, is another RNG game designed to make you tons of cash. Not impressed
It's ok. But each level takes soo long to load... Like go eat lunch then come back. New smartphone and 4g network OR wifi!
I just paid for 114 coins and got ripped off, still didn't any type of contact from anyone. Fix the  glitches, lose money and lives
I love angry birds and after seeing the ad for it I downloaded it to play. Graphics are adorable, game is addicting and i like how u earn powerups, see ur ranking among friends scores as u complete a level. Great game recommended.
Im playing on the galaxy s7 active and this game apparently cant connect because it would say connecting for about 45 seconds and then the only the screen would freeze, not my phone, but the music would keep playing.
When going to a match it starts at the highest you can afford and often automatically starts! Maybe you don't want to play that difficult a level and loose all your money! It should give you a chance to quit a match before the first shot!
Absolutely love the game but now it keeps freezing and can barely play it at all. I start a match and it will freeze and I lose all bets.... Wth....Would love to play it again....
I am deleting it..Evrytime i start a match..game stops right there.fix this problem if u want people to play ur game man
Another complete bull game it will start your out winning every match but once you start to get in to thing you face nothing but people who spent $300 on this game and it makes it impossible to win so I tried something I got a upgraded bow 1.99 and it was worse than the bow you start out with plz don't download this game it's a waste of time just like all the other games this app developer puts out
Sometimes hanged on a by which I usually loses alot of coins. Yesterday I lost 2 lakh coins because of this issue only. Kindly make a stable release
Oustanding work!!        Pure fun, and has easily kept me up, far my bedtime on Worknight's, damn near EVERY night, lol    Sooooo totally worth it :) :) :)
I like the game at first for my daughter she cracks up talking to her as she says the same thing back to her but it's getting really annoying now because all of ever does is pop up with ads ads ads and sometimes I have to close out of my phone completely just to get her back to the app. 👎😒
This game is over the roof its that good omg. The only thing i would provide in this game is a few more makeup accessories other than that this app is amazing oh, and everything you do for this game.
I severly dislike that you now have to buy diamonds or watch videos to get food. Not impressed. I use to love this game and now I won't even bother playing it. FIX PLEASE.
Duplicate Stickers. Please anyone will you please invite me and my MUNCHKIN as so that we can trade stickers. OUTFIT7 and can you please help and put me on a duplicate page. It's so unfair that I bought from others..Thank you.😢😢😢🙏🙏🙏
I like this game but I don't like that when you get the updated version then when it says that you could make the cake you can't even make the f****** cake like seriously that's stupider than f*** because it says that we can make the cake when I go on it I don't see no cake all I see is one of the backgrounds and it has tape on it like so whoever made this game and made the updated version you should make people be able to make the f****** cake because it people can't make the cake then yeah it said that we can make the cake so we should be able to make the cake so you guys are liars
Is very cute and is fun and the rumor that there is someone in the eye is false is completely safe and it doesnt needs wifi my one and only petition is that there shud be more games to earn money
Well it's not just the offline part it's also the ads they're wasn't that many ads before is what I'm saying whenever I come in or out of a mini game boom there's an ad can you please take that off and add more games please the mini games are kinda getting old now....and thank you! ^_^
I LOVE IT!!!!!😁😁😁 It's just like if u have your vary own babe sister or Babe and u can upgrade ur cat and she gets older and when she gets Older u get cards and of u get all cards in one or two or all of the pages u get some free dimind s 😀😀😀😊☺☺💖💗💖💗💖
I think it's fun, but you should make so you can get diamonds easier, and you should make it so Angela's energy can be refilled quicker, and she doesn't have to sleep so long to refill her energy, and so that you can get stickers easier! But it's still a very fun and stylish game!
App was perfect and working fine then I updated it to newest version and I keep getting error and no internet connection
I can't log in. I can't really do anything. I think the update crashed it.
The app stopped working recently! I updated it and can't log onto it now
I used to love the app but now all the sudden I'm getting a error message and I can't get it open and when it does open it shows nothing in and there are no messages, or a schedule,  nothing.
Fix what ever bullshit update made the app completely useless to galaxy phones.
this keep crashing. i cant even see my schedule
its a good game but there should be more areas and crime cause
I love this game because it takes my mind off of bad things.
I think you should add the Joker as a character, mix up the game play, it's kinda repetative.
So Cool The graphics are amazing and the best part, you get to watch the ad's and I've downloaded the lego city game. This game is FUN.
Il gioco più monotono e noioso del mondo
Get it I love it it's fun
I've been playing professionally for 25 years.  I play every weekend and have a few albums on the market.   This is a great app.  You have to check some of the songs.  I've found some errors but overall this app is perfect for requests and it's a lot of fun playing songs that I wouldn't normally play. It's definitely worth the money.
Was perfect, until recently the app does not sync properly or something and any of my saved favorites results in a "ooops! Something goes wrong." notification. Very annoying as I've used this app since it first came out.
Purchased the app a couple of years ago for $3.99 worked fine for a couple of years, and now it wants me to pay $9.99 for it. Where did my original $4 go??? Also, started a free trial, and sat down to learn a song and the AUDIO DOESNT WORK! This app has great potential, but at this point in its development is pure rubbish.
This app keeps not working properly.  Used to be the best but now the pro version doesn't sinc up to the music properly and that's when it will let you even get into it.  Please fix the issues . It just keeps getting worst.
After the update I am unable to open any of the saved song I have on my phone. A pop up says "Oooops Something Goes Wrong" please have this fixed, I love using the app, but now I can't use it now.  update 2/3/17 I have updated the app and still having the same issues.
Loved the old app, but the update is trying to scam money out of people who have already paid for the old app years ago.  I now have lost tonnes of favourited songs, i am not even sure they will return if i fork out another 10$ Appreciate they want to update and get more income but forcing on people who have already paid is just wrong.
Only thing I don't like is if I buy pro and I did I shuld't have to also buy tab tracker just being greedy at this point. I payed enough I should have full access to everything. My only complaint.
This app is great but you are prompted to buy up to pro all the time. It gets quite frustrating. Nonetheless great app for learning songs when you can't read musical notation. I have had no problems
You guys did a good job over there at      fingersoft but I have a few complaints.one, the garage needs some work. I'd like it if we were allowed to make our own cars ,make them out of other vehicle's Parts- and add some construction equipment too.
Stop giving us double cards when we reach max levels with garage parts! It is already horribly hard to fully upgrade all garage vehicles without buying the gems with real money. Game was excellent until this happened.
After watching a short clip, the game don't credit my 15,000 coins the first time, i have to repeatedly watch clips for the game to credit my coins and also after completing a "race" or "level" when it asks for me to watch a short video to collect an extra prize "ex: 30 jems or 100,000 coins" it don't let me watch the video. Overall great game but would like for this feature to be fixed as soon as possible.
I tried to login with my google play id but it failed. I have unlocked all levels and almost all vehicles and I don't want to start all over again. I love this game and will give a 5 star if problem sorted out.
Can't understand or use the garage update. Besides, I want to know if I can transform coins into gems .....
NOT PAY TO WIN! I'm earning over 100,000 coins per run by getting insane air on the moon level on an upgraded bike, then over 1m using train on highway; charming graphics and great gameplay make this an excellent free game without intrusive ads which, unlike some games, don't appear while actually playing. A great way to spend your commute or "private time", with excellent physics and targets that drive you to keep playing.
I've been using this alarm clock for about 5 years now. You cant beat it. However right now it seems like the app has a bug where it doesn't show the correct current time when you start an alarm. It always says the current time is 6 hours ahead than it actually is. Thus making my alarms go off wayyyyyy before they are suppose to.
I'm not sure what's going on, but I've used this app in the past for months and it's worked flawlessly. I had uninstalled it at some point and reinstalled a few days ago. It has not worked a single morning so far. Thankfully, I had my phone alarm as backup to go off at the latest time I can wake up. Whatever bug it is, please fix it. Using on Galaxy s7 edge
Amazing the difference good software makes- Was about to take my ip camera back for performance reasons and thought I would give this app a try. Now I love my cam and think I got a great deal on it. If I could give this app 6 stars I would!!
I'll give this 5 stars if you can put a official "how to" tutorial on YouTube. And a trouble shooting guide.
Very useful tool to diagnosed vehicle problems when used with an OBD2 Diagnostics module. The combination of this inexpensive software and a $30 OBD2 module is worth its weight in gold. Being able to view engine and electrical parameters on the Fly is very useful.
This is a great app, for getting ll kinds of diagnostic data from most cars ecu. That said, it seems to still have some issues reading Honda trouble codes. For example, I've often gotten error code p1717 whic it reads incorrectly as [Mazda] shift solenoid position fault, on my 2007 Honda Odyssey.  When I took it to Honda service center, they pointed out, p1717 is transmission range sensor fault. Little glitches like this are what keeps me from givig this app a full 5 stars
Great App. Even better with recent updates. Cheap and incredibly easy to use. Has been a big help in trouble  shooting my tune and even diagnosing problems requiring repair.  Couldn't ask for more.
I adore this app. It makes it so easy to play and organize my podcasts. The auto download & auto add features are wonderfully useful, as well as the setting of only downloading while I am connected to Wi-Fi. Now I can not only get each new episode of my favorite podcast as soon as they are released, but can have them put automatically at the front or back of the queue as appropriate.   The interface is very well done and easy to use. And the dark color scheme is great for night time viewing.  I also love the ability to create playlists and filters. And I often use the Chromecast functionality at home.  My only current complaints are that I wish there was a way to rate &/or review podcasts, both to share them and to help with suggestions (a la Stitcher & iTunes). Also, the ability to fine tune priority of podcast episode autoplacement would be nice.   For example, suppose that podcasts A & B are my favorites with A being my preference over B. Then say that I have them set up to autodownload and to be put at the front of the Up Next queue. That is fine. But suppose that B downloads before I have a chance to listen to A? B will jump to the front ahead of A.
Really love it - only downside is that I can't see episode lists/descriptions without having subscribed to that podcast... It's not a big problem, but it is frustrating to have to subscribe, read, then unsubscribe just to do a little research on different podcasts.
Fun and bedazzling at first, but becomes monotonous over time. Models look nice at first but the lack of changing facial expression makes characters feel stiff. Some moments where obstacle placements are cheap, appearing out of nowhere and costing you a life. The game can lag a lot, and this becomes a big issue when you get a red star ring. It lags so much when you get one that any swipe you make won't register, and if you're right in front of an obstacle expect to die.  This has happened to me a lot.
As a fan of sonic I'm quite pleased with this addition to the saga. After so many disappointing titles. This one made it into my sonic favorite games list.
On occasion, enemies will still hit you even if you're spindashing. And for me, videos, multiplayer, and store purchases restart the game after ~7.4 seconds. Other than that, pretty damn good, even for this GS2.
Well first of all it wouldn't even start so I got a new tablet, downloaded this game and it's laggy as hell. It used to work perfectly but now I'm lucky if it only lags half the time !
I haven't been able to play ever since the Sanrio character tournaments began...tried to close it in the background, uninstalled and reinstalled the app, nothing works. Used to love this game...now I'm just disappointed.
The game is so fun and addictive! I'm enjoying playing it with all the fun rewards and I feel like everyone is a winner. The only flaw is the characters are so hard to get! And 2 of them cosy money!! But besides that I highly recommend it!🙌
Wow. It was fun for about five minutes before the entire gameplay began to feel flat and boring. The obstacle placement was sometimes OK, but a lot of the time it was complete bullsh*t, with me rolling into an enemy, only to find spikes behind it, or jumping over a fence and discovering that I had to roll under it, and such. Also, there are too many screens between runs. There's no "retry" button, and most of the time I didn't know what I was looking at. All in all, it got old 2fast4me.
A good addictive game. A shame that if you want to progress you need 1000s of gems. Needs to be a way to earn gems without buying them like trading coins in the game. Yet to win any gems in the casino and i have spent 100000s of coins in there, most i get is 1000 coins.
It's a great time killer but the bakery stuff is a bit expensive!  But I loved it. The graphics and Tasks are awesome💖 Please make the update quicker because I want more cool shops and stuff. 👍🆙
I love this game but ever since the spaghetti update, it's glitch after glitch. At first game wouldn't load, I've Uninstalled and reinstalled that cleared that up. Now daily gems don't get added to my account. Tried the same route that didn't fix that problem. Now it's been at least 3 updates after this but nothing happens.
Solid game thats quick paced. Buuuut you find out quickly that its hard to advance without gems ($). The in game slot machine where you can win gems has terrible odds.  The first 40 levels you can really play through w/o money just fine tho.
So far one of the best cooking games I've played. However, it would be nice that when your clock ends the day, I wish I could finish SERVING the customers I still Have! They all dissappear! I get the money in tips, but still, just saying.
Love love love this game. Only problem is I've completed all the levels and I'm waiting for new one to open. I've updated twice with no new one even though it says will open with next update?       Feb 3 Just updated again and still no new level. I would just like to know when there might be one?
Game play is awesome, the issue is, the controls. You have to be able to dodge and black and attack not my favorite way to do battle. It needs to styles of fighting D-Pad or/and Flick.
Have it so when you use real money u get more crystals then 5 for a dollar. Dont like the scouting sysrem. Y can't I just buy the characters or weapons I want. Other than that everything is good
Great Game follows the Anime storyline I was hoping to make a character in this world rather than play the lovable characters we all know hope you come out with a second game that we can make a character in this world and and fight alongside our favorite characters that would deserve a 5* rating for now it's a 4*.
Love this game. The only problem I am having is that too many event happening at the same time. You don't know which one to do first.. wish they will slow it down a bit and push them one after the other not 3 at the same time
Best sao game to date, controls are simple and work well! enimies can be challenging and party system is good too! only complaint, it doesnt load sometimes and you have to reload the game, other than that, AMAZING!!
A solid game with actual storylines and multiplayer activities. Developer has been diligent with fixing bugs and making improvements. No stupid wait times that other free to play games have. A great game for fans of SAO and those unfamiliar with the Sword Art Online series.
Edit: this game isnt bad,but for the most part rng is terrible. You should increase the rate of 4 stars on characters and weapons. I dont mean like to 50% but only 3%? Really? You should increase it to at least a 5 or 10% the only 4 stars i have are the freebies asuna and fairy kirito. Ive spent so much diamonds only to get 2 stars and like a few 3 stars. Seriously increase the rating of the 4 star characters.
Well should come with a fire ball like actually a burning ball skull head and eat.lol but yes give it a 5
It is a good game it is fair that you thought of everything threw and there is a lot of rewards but when You get a strike you have to hit the sides.
I love I can play with others but when your not on the game you still would get the notification that your friends want to play against you.
Very addictive.  Got in trouble twice at work .
I love this game! No lagging or bugs. Always works and tons of competition too. Only downfall is the music. Lol
Irritated! My hearts are not getting redone unless I'm literally on the game!
My favorite of all Ever day I can't wait to play this game thang for making a very fun game
Bought Prime to overcome issue in recent app drawer. In other launcher there is no issue in recent app. Even previous version had no issues with recent app. Please solve this issue. It hides its main screen in recent app so it will restart launcher every time or start last app when you clear all recent apps. Else all is awesome.
I just upgraded the app to latest version which mentioned the Leeco Devices issue has been fixed.but when we kill the background apps in Leeco 1s device the homepage doesn't comeback and remains in app I last opened until and unless I hits back and then it regains to home page..It would be great if this issue is fixed asap
Best launcher. PERIOD. Apex is the only one that comes close to this good. But I want more animations! Home screen scroll effects! I want more! changing my review just a tad. I can't use my theme with this launcher because of the folders. MAKE THEM RESIZABLE SEPARATELY FROM DESKTOP ICONS. btw I use grace ux icon pack.
really like the game but freezes way  to much doesn't start back on its on, I have to restart the game over causing me to loose turns.Please fix right away
Since doing the updates I can no longer connect to Facebook and would have to start from the beginning which I refuse to do after spending money buying gold crowns to help my progress please sort this as I've found I'm not the only one with this problem thanks.
Game would never open everytime i opened the app kept loading and would not allow me to play if the game doesn't work then it should be taken off of google play
If this game would stop freezing half way thru the game would have my vote. I've uninstalled and reinstalled but still freezes
Love this game but it locks up every time I start playing. I'm uninstalling today. To frustrating.
I would give more stars but there is a connection problem with Facebook. Correct the problem and I'll change my review.
Daily/Weekly task is always freezing the game and one life is lost without chance to play task, fix or remove this feature.
Has updated twice and each time more problems started happening. Now it will not allow ANY gameplay.
Loved the game but it keeps freezing on my Redmi Note 3 which is pretty annoying. I play Clash of Clans on the same device without any problems.
You may include chat box at the game play with emotions, practise single player, offline multi player, rules book, please
Great game! Runs a little slow at times, needs some free coins, not getting video's to watch for coins!
Do not purchase sights! They do not offer any type of zoom and are a waste of money
Game is good but aiming from far makes target small which makes disturbance in aiming   Over all graphics gaming control are perfect
When I brought my new mobile than first I wished to download "My Talking Angela"because it of cats and it's very amazing . Whenever I play this game I feels better ."My Talking Angela" is my favourite pet called cat . I love cat from my childhood.I am having the cat which name is Manish as well as Angela aldo
Love love love it don't say it's boring it does things some ppl say that ppl watch u if u have a camera on ur divorce but I don't buy it I recommend this game u got my vote game
I hate it HEY EVERYONE IF YOU DOWNLOAD THIS GAME SOMEONE WILL BE WATCHING YOU THRUGH ANGELAS EYES IS SAY WE ALL DELETE. HER APP SO THAT THEY HAVE TO CLOSE DOWN THIS APP!!!!!!😼
REPORT THEM WHO IS SAYING THIS APPLICATION IS BORING AND/OR ANNOYING AND/OR SOMETHING BAD AND HAS ADS AND THE WORST OF ALL, WHO IS SAYING ABOUT ANGELA'S EYES
Warning for parents and children!! do not download this game cause there is a man in Angela's eyes! he is spying on each and every people who play this game! if they ask you any info, please to not pass it on to angela! everything will be totally hacked after this!! please never ever try to play this game!
I really think it could use more games that aren't from Talking Tom or any of her friends. I also hate that you have to level up the stuff like the bathroom and you can't choose what you want like Tom
Why?! Are you trying to make Angela starve?!? I really really really loved this game before, but diamonds to buy food?!!? Now I want to uninstall... 😑😧👎
I think that the animation is really good and the activities are cool but her sleeping takes FOREVER and it's really hard to get gems so pls fix this in the future!!☺
It's, a very good game
Cool and good . Thanks for this game.
After you get in and play the tutorial, how do you play again??
It OK but the graphics are bad
This is one of the best Lego games
My brother loves this game
I think it is the best game
Kicks my son out...please fix he would really like to play.
1. Everytime I collect a Red Ring while running as any character the game freezes for a second, messing up my run. 2. Whenever you collect your Daily Reward and are given the option to double your reward by watching an ad when I tap the button sometimes the button doesn't load the ad and I've lost my rewards. 3. Sometimes the game doesn't respond to my swipes which results in me dying which messes up my run. 4. Sometimes the app crashes completely (but this is very rare).
Speaking of which, the multiplayer feature is very fun! Wonder if there might be more features coming soon...? Edit: After obtaining Hello Kitty, for some reason, Chococat disappeared. It gives me a notification that My Melody, Badtz-Maru, Chococat, and Hello Kitty can be bought with Red Star Rings, but Chococat is nowhere to be seen. Please fix this.
It's one of the most generous (in terms of frequency of free items) pay-to-win games out there, and also one of the most fun. However, there are some obstacles that you have no chance of seeing until it's too late, such as those hidden behind large jump walls on a straight, which are bad design and make you feel cheated. Tilt to move like in Sonic and the Secret Rings would have been nice; it just seems there are too many controls mapped to the touchscreen.
Collected coins don't always show up. Especially after a crash, interruption or if you can't continue game do to real life. Wasted too much time to not get what I collected. Uninstalling
This is a great game! Only I have a a few complaints. 1. Why is it 2 red ring to reiveve instead of 1. 2. Even when I signed into google play my game didn't back up. Yeah its a really good game
There's not enough time spent playing the game to become any good at it. You get hit once or twice and boom an ad pops up and you start over . Beautiful work, waste of time.
The graphics were great but there are some instances where I come across some obstacles that seem too narrow to pass. I also have a hard time with the controls as they don't often align with my finger. All in all though, this is a very enjoyable game and I highly recommend it.
I think that everything is so slow and no matter how much i upgrade them there still 🐌 slow. An most  customers prder 2 of the same thing when i only have ☝ one maker. Lastly everything in the shop is so much 💰 money and so expensive.
I love the game but lately it has been hesitating. The glitches are driving me crazy. There is no way I'll advance if the game keeps hesitating and stalling. I've reported the issue but it still hasn't been fixed.
I spent a small fortune on gems and I Uninstalled and reinstalled because game was not letting me buy gems. System error and everything was reset to the beginning. I don't care about playing the levels again it's the money that's been wasted I believe I should be compensated for 158$
I like this game but the only thing I wish was different is that all of the upgrades weren't only available through gems. I guess they want you to purchase more which I'm not going to do so I may not be able to ever finish the game due to the fact it is very difficult to earn gems.
Addictive but it really sucks that you can't get enough gems!!! The casino really really sucks I just spent 47000 coins in the casino and never got anything more than 1000 coins!!!! This is a total rip off!! I have NEVER gotten more than the 15 gems! If you don't spend money you can't get anything.
It is so challenging as you go forward and it's really fun and addicting. It's actually the best cooking game I've ever played!! At first I thought it would be boring but it turned out to be super fun.
Lol!!! Worst game the customers get angry so fast and the espresso or juice or other drinks take tooooooooo much time... and also gems come so far too much time why is it so and also that if we have to upgrade anything we need gems in a large i hate this be'coz of all this an many more
The best game i have played. I love the fact it keeps going on. A new and different game to play each time 1 finishes. But i wish you didnt have to pay for jewels ☺xxx
Im so emotional to play this game everytime hahahaha but i have a feeling about this game is so great. Like so real i am a chef 😂 but i dont know how to get italian buffet?? I can't upgrade my cooking fever
I love anime adaptations and this one did not disappoint! So far everything plays smoothly with or without Wi-Fi. I also enjoy the fact that it's not pay to win, keep up the good work!
Great game no stamina or energy so endless play. Rates could be a bit better with weapons and characters being gotchas it exhuast your premium currency fairly quickly
Um there needs to be a autoplay so people with broken screens or messed up screens can still play until they get what ever fixed... Just saying. And it needs to be good.
SAO Memory Defrag is the perfect game to recap the anime. Even if you're the few that haven't heard of it, this game will entertain you as well at it tells about Kirito's adventures within the gaming realm.👌
Pretty much recycled final Fantasy record keeper with sao story. If you never played that, it can be fun. If you have though, boring and repetitive.
I have never been into these types of games, but this one is really fun! Lovely music, cool graphics, easy to play. And its true to the storyline of the show. Highly recommend!!
It's easy to level up characters. But rare weapon drops and character drops are too low to even bother with this game. It takes forever grinding to give your characters good stats. It all gets boring very quickly. I played it a week and lost interest
Just need help getting my fairy to use two swords. I'm at level 70 and am really hoping its not a specific type of Kirito. If so please explain that at first for others. The first kirito I got the one without the jacket stopped at fifty five :(. Would really like some help with my fairy kirito being able to use dual blade.
If I ask you to play would you? If I ask you to try and you said NO. I WOULD MAKE YOU! So give It a try. Please.
Addictive, easy to learn and play! The more I play, the more I find to love about the game. Great for phones and tablets!
Awesome game! Lots of fun. Just wish log-in with Google account along with Facebook was possible.
It's a lot of fun playing but wish I could spin the ball like in real life
Great game makes me ready to go bowling like that you only do 5 frames
Facebook doesn't give 10x cash for logging in after it offers it.
Doing great and then game crashes lose all money!
I think it is fun because if ur family goes out to bowling and u are not the u can play this so u don't feel left out
This game is really cool and addicting I usually fine games boring but this game is different
Fun but keeps freezing up in the middle of game play. I have to close the game to play then lose lives.  Please look into this. I have ample room to ru  the game so not sure why it happens.
Really fun game but keeps freezing on me and then I loose my lives. It's getting to be really frustrating.
what the hell? is the loading stuck screen are the part of this game? LOL! you gotta fix this ASAP or the game should called AB Stuck Screen!
It WAS a great game all around ...till the last update, now it freezes constantly causing you to close the app and restart, which takes away your lives. Please fix, already lost 20+ lives due to freeze ups.
Great game. Too bad it won't connect with Facebook for me.
Loading sucks and it freezes PLEASE FIX!!! But if it wasnt for that i would give it 5 stars
I don't want to dislike this game but no matter what phone I put it on I cannot connect to Facebook so I cant play all the challenges and I don't get any rewards please fix
It's not bad, i love miniclip games especially agario and 8 ball pool but this is good as well but miniclip please reply to me because I was wondering if you could add "play with friends" to it would make it A LOT more fun yours sincerely orange trump :/
Cool game but when u disconnect and came back I lost the game,pls fix it and pay me back 25k
That instead of 'you lose' part ya should of put ' better luck next time' or ' keep trying' 'don't give up' because that you lose is such a motivation killer
Its become glitchy during the rush game and it causes me to lose everytime.
During 2 matches the game wouldn't let me fire and an arrow resulting in my forfeiting the game and loosing  2000 game dollars  I'd like my money back
i jus love to playing archery great graphics , gameplay or most important you can earn coins by watching video add.
It was half way decent, I really just downloaded it for a cue in 8 ball pool. 😂
It's a good game....But a bit girly..U know ... Everything is pink and it's wrong for our next generation....Girls are mostly indicated by pink...So it is not good.... Otherwise the game is amazing and entertaining 😉😉😉
It really cool but freeze sometimes and the CLOTHS are too expensive plus she get tired too quick. But I love this game and so does my family
Nice app! But keep brushing&bathing just twice a day. As soon as each feeding/snacking,it asks for brushing & bathing. Quite irritating at times!
A good enough game for girls - making her over, feeding, brushing, bathing, making her sleep and playing is what we have to do.... Don't feel bad if you don't have a pet.. U just got to install this game 😉😉
Well it's fun put sometimes gets boring as you go through  it raising a child for a long time but I liked it but I still got more and op more bored..
I think it is really cute and enjoyiable but the ads could you maje them dissapeare without us paying please and great app keep it up!👉👍👌
I like  it  alot.
Awesome game you should play   it!!!!!
GG means good game
It,s good
This game needs joker
I'm not sure what I need to do there...
Unplayable unless you spend really a lot of real money. After the first restaurant everything costs so many gems and you can accumulate so few, it's just unplayable. They are like drug pushers, want to make you addicted and then sell you gems for a lot of real money.
Overall pretty enjoyable but the fact that u play as existing character from the serie only was good but this could of been so much more like your own personal to on plus a lots if boss and floor as never been seen in the serie u could explore these one and not just follow the main story
This game is amazing and I love every aspect about it. The only thing I wish they fixed were the voices. Sometimes the voices won't queue and it's unfortunate. Other than that 10/10
I love bowling and can't much anymore so this is a pretty good alternative
What i think is this game needs to work on its controls but the game is really good it is super addictive
Hate hate game for robotic result I take action in middle point but it,s give 7 point...
it's ok could use more easily accessible gear options in the game but other than that it's solid
I losed cause of lag as it timed out more times than excusable.
totally unique love it but network is big issue same like 8 ball pool problem
It is asowm game
Te lang dowlone
It could be significantly better, for example: Everything is way overpriced, and could be a 100th of the current price, furthermore there are too many ads. On a slightly different note, if I were to make a suggestion, I would say to add  different colors of track, different colors of bikes as in changing their look,being able to combine ANY combination of pieces from ANY bike, and EVERY bike should be ulockable without purchase, or social media, because some people don't use it.
Love this smooth addictive game. Use that gas & brake properly to tilt and you will get on in the game. So many folk probably use gas only to go as fast as possible instead. My only concern is it keeps crashing now since Facebook advert at start. Why can't you select the courses you want now? If at the start race page and use the top left back button to select different course, this crashes the game. Will uninstall and install later to see if this sorts the issue.
I love this game! Very fun and a great way to pass the time. The only downside that I can find is that after 3 days I've gotten all of the characters, paid to remove the adds, and done all of the tournaments. Now my coins are building up, but there is nothing I can use them for. I'd love to see some new characters. Really fun game though. Five stars all day!
I like it but every now and then it'll say bike race has stopped but still it is a great game you can play it off WiFi
This is the best game EVER REALLY! But I lost a thunder phantom on my phone on my tablet I made a new Facebook it's Ethan Montane and please send me the thunder phantom on there.
I think this game is very good and it has fun courses . The loading can be slow at some times but other than that it is a 5 star gam.
It's aight, doesn't get boring like most games. It's cool to be able to race your previous best times, definitely adds a competitive factor
Very fun and a good time burner. One suggestion is to make the gems in tournaments are to rare and they should be more easily obtained but other than that very fun.
There is nothing wrong to say about it by far one of the bes t games I have ever played but I just rly rly want the ultra bike.
Worst game EVER so hard to play i raged sooooo much, play this game if you want your blood preasure to go up
My friend wanted me to download this for him to play with me, but I started playing it on my own and I love it. I'm hooked!
It's ok even better if you could change it every year like graphics, culler ,what do you think reply and say yes or no
I love this game, I have even bought a few in app purchases just to show my appreciation but it's not needed to win. Only time and patience is needed to progress. My only complaint is the cloud sync almost never works when I reset my device, progress is lost and I have to remove and install again, then bind back to Facebook which then will work and restore my progress. There is definitely something wrong with the Facebook integration but I have a workaround so it's at least use able that way.
Was fun if not a bit awkward to control but after an update I couldn't get past the loading screen on my Pixel XL.  No big deal, did a reinstall but all my data was deleted.  No cloud save?  Ack!  Not worth doing over again as it was really just grinding.
The level design makes the game more about memory of the pitfalls instead of driving skill, unless you upgrade your car. The camera view gives you no room to plan how to tackle anything new or for your benefit, but would be a lot easier with an upgraded car. In other words, this is one of those games that is after your money first, amusement second.
I really want to like this game but it's too much of a grind to upgrade cars without being forced to watch ads or spend money. Doing the same levels over and over just to build up points for upgrading is not too fun or effiecient. Once you've fully upgraded a car you are no longer rewarded points for using it so you are forced to use a new car if you want you to progress. But the ghost racing is kind of cool.
Great game, lots of fun, amazing graphics. I have to increase my stars for this one as I've just learned any purchase permanently disables ads. Yes there are quite a few ads, but permanently disabled for a purchase of any amount is more then fair. Good apps are worth supporting. 👍
Well as a fan of hotwheels when i was a kid.. but never had the physical models this game is a wonderful experience... Sure it's a mobile game with some kind of micro transactions.. but i'm certain if this was made into a full game like trials evolution or the newer versions with online multiplayer for pc and console! and without the micro transaction's for a full game with dlc down the line.. it would sell really well
Great little game that has kept my son and me racing for weeks. Easy to play, tough to master, always keeps you pushing toward that next upgrade. My only gripe is that most times when I unlock a stunt chest, I get coins for cars that don't exist (yet?). Hopefully this can be fixed as it's a bummer to unlock a chest for no reason.
Overall I really enjoy the game only complaint is one bug that I have found so far on level 38 that sometimes the first gas can doesn't show up and you can't beat the level due to running out of gas. Haven't noticed if this happens anywhere else or just in that one spot.
Was really enjoying thd game until I upgraded to the second car in the animal section. The game suddenly switched off and when I restarted, all my data was lost. My achievements are there but it thinks I'm a new player so I need to start all over again. Not happy at all!!!
It has a lot of bugs involving damage given vs damage received. I can headshot a guy 6 times and he is still alive while I get hit in the head twice I'm dead. Also WAYYY to many ads to actually enjoy the game. Half of the game is basically exiting out of ads after every battle which is annoying and stupid. would have given 5 star if it wasn't drowned in advertising
I Love the heck out of this game! Perfect all around. I Love the characters, weapons, colors and idea. Sweet sound effects too.  It's kind of like darts but the dart board is alive and pissed off at you. You can throw  chainsaws, daggars, flaming records, exploding video game controllers and much, much more depending on your character. I DIG IT.
I really wanted to enjoy this, but I just couldn't that much. I feel like there's not much to the game. It felt tedious and redundant to me after the first five minutes. Maybe I've just seen too many of these kinds of games before. I know I was really looking forward to the online play but was let down by the false advertising.
I've already played local multi-player with my nephew, and there are so many overpowered characters. You guys should really consider nerfing some characters before adding online pvp. I can just imagine how many Jeremy's there will be. He can literally OHKO. Some characters even have specials that will ever rarely be missed i.e Thor. Please nerf overpowered players first, or it will be a nightmare.
UNFAIR GLITCH! (Even this glitches deleted my first review)  So I was fighting neko she got 3 turns.. Then my shot disappeared.. Then I watched a video for a chest.. IT DID NOT WORK. Did it again... Wasted my time.. I know its a demo.. But hope you fix this.. Overall I love this game!  I know you can make online multiplayer work! Yours sincerely snivy1~
Y update then u have to restart the whole f**king thing allover. All i did was update it, now i lost everything. Thanks Miniclip😐😐😐😑😑😑. Also if anybody else who had a problem like mines. It sucks right?! And to those who didnt. I dont recomend updating because u have to restart. But if u want to update. Not my problem.
Everything's Awesome! You'd think w wouldn't love this? Escpecially the pvp mode, oh yeah, btw can you like add a mode where you can do 4 players? I mean you can aim left and right so, why not? That's it, i'm not expecting you to accept this mode but i'm putting it anyways
Ads ads ads. Misleading sale to "remove" ads. Even when paid for, you still have to watch ads to unlock most characters. Don't let your kids play this with any sort of purchasing privileges otherwise you'll easily shell out $20+.
This game would easily have 5 stars if not for people disconnecting after you win a hole. I've gotten so many awesome shots, won so many great games, but it's not on my stats becsuse too many poor sports d/c right before the end. I've also lost gold this way because when they dc it lags out, then I have to manually close the app. This makes me lose the game :(.
Too many additional unnecessary features, make the game lag and heavy, and it makes my fruit dissapear when I play. Oh and what's with too many purchase options, I thought you supposed to unlock them not buying them. Way to go to ruin the good old game.
I think this game is cool and awesome people should be inspired by this game and it's really awesome so you guys should really try this human beans and little kids like Mason and McKayla
It's a good time killer but you should be able to get free bikes for the holidays and unlock them forever!!
Its an amazing time killer and a fin game to play with my friends, I suggest you get this game its so awesome!!!
This game is very difficult, and the person who made all those levels, props to you. I love
Yay I am going to race my favorite best friend Jayson and I miss you so much and I love you
I love your game you guys should keep the free bike thing when you watch a video
The game is decent and I enjoy its simple gameplay. I don't enjoy the way the timers for all my businesses keep going haywire (yesterday, one of the Dust Valley businesses had 8 hours until it paid out and I could see no reason for this). Devslopers, please look into the timers in your game.
Since the update it looks too much like a little kids game. Now It won't let me feed all my tanks so it takes longer to get the coins you need to buy stuff. I do appreciate being able to get more rubies by just watching an ad, I can deal with that.
I just downloaded it for my son because he loves everything cars. It says it's rated E for everyone yet it asks for your birth year? It also says family-friendly yet I don't think it's something for smaller kids, it's really not really user-friendly. You play the same thing over and over (at least at the start). Also, after a couple times playing it's all of a sudden stopped working.
OK while it lasts, but eventually need to spend to progress, gets dull and samey.    Re. The response from the developer: I am aware of those features.  The game still gets unplayably hard and repetitive after a while.  There is little difference from one level to the next.
Hi developer, i know that pressing the watch ad button will give us some rewards. That's fine. What bothers me is that ads keep on showing on my screen even if i dont press that button and i get nothing but have to watch the clip till it ends. How come ads are showing very often? I cant even stop it. Would be nice if you could add some dialog to confirm showing ads and gets some rewards instead of showing almost entrusively disturbing gameplay. Some ads is fine. Too many ads are very disturbing
It's fun. Have issues with how they setup the car advances. The first car is better than the second and wonder how the following vehicles will be compared to their predecessor. Increasing 'Grip' doesn't do a whole lot. You still end up spinning your tires a ridiculous amount.
Waaaaaaay too many ads. I don't want to be intently about to go into a track that has been defeating me, only to wait for a commercial. The interaction with the commercials is spotty at best. Tapping the "x" to close the ad yields opening it every time. Also how many HW tracks have ungodly ripples in them. Ridiculous!!
Would easily get 4stars but having to use Facebook is something I am unwilling to do, surely there's another way to save your progress, edit: now knowing that Facebook isn't mandatory then upped my rating. and now it's been removed, after an obscene amount of adverts, 1 after each level restart. Good luck with the game in the future.
Decent game and plays good and is fun too play. My only real complaints are the game crashes for no reason and always during a race. The stunt box credits a car that does not exist (two timer). And don't expect a reply to any feed back to your questions on the game's help feature.
Good game, has faults!... most annoying thing is when you get a stunt chest it usually contains coins so you can upgrade your car, however it will say you have won 1000 coins but then doesnt deposit the winnings in your coins bank. Really really annoying!!!
Good. Has potential.  Annoying that to complete a level you have to spend an eternity playing to earn enough to upgrade. Only after a full upgrade can you really get three stars and complete and move on. Gets a bit of a drag and boring to have to race the same level over and over jut earn enough to upgrade. Gets boring after a while.
Excellent controls, good graphics and fast gameplay combined with good game variants makes this the best poker game version. The only reason I give this a 4 star instead of 5 star is that you dont get to see the losing hand unless it is in the same hand strength level as the winning hand. This is a major flaw as u r not able to judge the opponent specially in sit-n-go tables. Zynga admin please do something about this.
I was about to tell everyone about this!  Then suddenly as I was about to earn the starter pack it went away and was replaced by a free chest? Then I played a match and it has an add now after every win along with adds during matchs and still a video if you want a chest...that'll only give you 500 gold every time. Why did you  guys add so many ads now it's annoying and overbearing. Remove the extra ads and I'll recommend you to others like I was caused right now your the same as the rest of the trash on here...
The game takes its own twist on the classic game scorched-earth. You use angles and power to determine where your shot will be placed. Different characters have different weapons and the weapons sometimes have special abilities. It's a good time waster.
Games great, for what it is, its amazing. I feel as though the characters in the chest should be more likely to get. The developer has probably made a good 5 bucks off me from how many ads I watched lol, buy I got uninterested once I stopped getting characters and have more gold than I can handle.
Only down side is is the character roulette I've Got lots and lots of money but you can't buy the special players u just have to Get lucky and hope it  stops on them and I CAN'T GET THE LAST 2 SPECIALIST FOR NOTHIN
It's a very good time killer. I would've rated it 5 stars but since there is no online pvp I will consider it as 4 stars. It says that online pvp is coming soon but it's been like that since the game came out while was a quite a bit of time from now. Overall, great game.
There is still some potential in this game that gasnt been used although uts amazing already. Really amazing time passer and a hell of an addiction. If tge developer sees this, please, dont stop working on this. Id love to see how far youll go and if your making other games, ud love to see that to!
Love the game, love the characters but one little annoying hitch. When playing as cyber star and splitting the disks, the disk end up going through the ground and never ending the go. This has caused me to loose my progress multiple times in tournaments as I have been forced to quit due to the turn not ending. Please fix this.
It's fun but there's always something going wrong, like not being able to open chests cause it can't connect to whatever it needs to. Also during tournaments it often bugs out and u don't get the rewards it promises. There just needs to be a better way to get characters that doesn't bug out.
The game has way to many ads. I understand they need ads. And to an extent its fine. But not after every round (which takes a minute at most) and everytime you wanna get a chest that's not your daily.
I loved playing this game until, I noticed that my prize dice disappeared. When they finally popped up again dice were missing. Also new prize dice were dice I'd already earned. Dice awards for purchasing dice weren't granted on a least 4 occasions. Then awards weren't given. I'm done. Money wasted. Uninstalling.
Its a excellent 3rd person RPG shooter. Its actually more fun than playing hand held console games. However, the events you guys have are not fun to me. You're making the new robots nearly impossible to get!! Fans would love more maps to play on and ad a little weather condition as well such as rain or snow. The game far as game play go is flawless :) keep up the good work
Annoyed I was on level 167 for some reason it's put me back to the beginning not impressed
Addictive and deep gameplay. This is one of the few F2P games that I have no problem spending on IAP. And while upgrading your clubs and purchasing balls gives you a slight advantage, it still requires skill to win in games. It isn't a game that gives crazy advantages to players that out in money to the game, which is nice. I just like having a nice collection of golf clubs I can call my own in the game. Only negative is there's no practice mode in the game to work on your skills offline. Add that and I'll give this game 5 stars!
The game would be nearly perfect except there is no in game music... Music completes a gaming experience by creating immersion and ambiance. There is no music, I thought there was a bug or something, but no. This game would feel so much better if only they added some charming fun music to the main screen and some music added to ambient sound while golfing. ADD music and add some birds chirping water running locusts, something. Sound wise the game feels dead, it's like playing a game with sound muted.
Cannot play at times because of disconnects. Opponent gets dropped too so it is a game issue. However you lose greens fee. Facebook graph API is used even if you are not on or linked. So I can see connections to Facebook with my device stats on battery and other sensors.  This is not mentioned in the permissions so it seems to violate Google Play Services. Could be good, addictive game.
Its a good game, very addictive but one huge problem. It keeps disconected while on the game. I loose a lot of coin here..I have a strong internet connection and I also use wifi mostly when I'm playing and surely I can go surf the web, other games and apps that using connection but why I keep getting message disconcting (red cross signal on the game)
Addicted. Great graphics, smooth game play. Fine tune it a bit so you can add friends of people you just played, rather from just Facebook.  Maybe make it so you can open more than one crate at a time. Other than that, I wouldn't change much. When I say I'm addicted, I mean I play on 2 different accounts on 2 different devices, constantly. Hell, it keeps me awake at night
Great game and very fun to play & advance your golfer! A couple quirks remain:  1. Can hit through some trees (palm trees), but not through bushy trees... 2. Amount of time to acknowledge that an opponent has forfeited could be reduced since it happens so often.
Great game and very addictive. Runs my battery down each day. My only complaint is the lack of penalty for someone forfeiting a match because they are losing.  Time after time have I been playing and had a player forfeit rather than finish the match or hole. Great I get the cash but not the trophies to go along with it.
I hate how the wind mechanics are not the same each time meaning.. I get 7-10 wind speeds all the time I would expect the wind mechanics not to chance. I can hit the ball perfectly one time and it will not affect my ball and it will over shoot where I am aiming while the wind is going against my ball and other times it will severely push the ball back with a perfect hit and put me in a sand ditch or water... it would be a good game if the wind mechanics didn't change 100% of the time... also I hate how my opponent can get wind speeds of .3 to .7 and I get wind speeds of 9000 how does wind change that quick? from his shot to mine? it should be around the same wind speeds throughout the whole match.. the game sucks because of that
Full surprises with low intrusions , no ads,
The shadow blade is gone, too many game modes and too many useless characters. Truffles, Gutsu and the rest are pointless wastes of time, energy and space. This game was better before all these additions
It's fine, but a few years ago, the original was WAY better. Instead of buying blades, you unlocked them. The characters make the game seem cheaper, and they are usless. I want the Fruit Ninja that I know and love BACK.
The Chinese new year version is a badly done update. Event prize is an old dojo which has no usage at all. The event challenge screen still showing "merry Christmas"
Why can't i get my progress back this the 4th time i download this game and start from 0 i signed in to my googleplay account but didn't load my old profile  😔 i was level 30 and i had alot  of special blades and arenas now i can't unlock them unless i buy them😭
This is one of the most addictive games I've ever downloaded, and I don't download many games. Great time-waster (much to my chagrin) but I enjoy it too much to uninstall it.
I have written a complain regarding sensei researching powers bcs i dont know what does it mean and i am not able to use special powers of the dojos i have bought and also regarding the achivement lovely bunch and no1 replyed yet really aweful customer support
I can't connect to Google Play and the daily login store. I sent the support email. The daily login screen also cannot upload. Is there any alternative method if the issue persists?
It is really an awesome game, but I wanted to ask about the dojos which display: 'Sensei is researching this power.' Also, I had issues on the matter of saving progress. It is remarkable otherwise.
Love it and I hope you are well and enjoying the sunshine and the weather is very good and I am sure that the same thing is that I have to do so and I will be able to get a job in the future of the new year
It just wont give me the santa bike please fix
It's the greatest game ever since I was a kid no kidding this is addicting and soo fun
This is the best game ever! I love all the graphics and game play. Now I'm in the dunes. If you were the one who created this app I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!
is my new phone before the next few years and you get bored with a good way of life in a good way of life in a
Great game, third phone I have had it on and it hasn't failed me yet.
I used to play  this  game along time ago, I downloaded  it again recently  and  I still  like  it!
This ga!e is so cool.I loved it so much it was challenging and I like they.once I whent up againxwd my brother and I won.💟💟💟
Hey developers, please add some more powerful bikes than ultra And some cool tracks also Please please please
I unlocked both the Santa n Halloween bikes but it's not showing up in my bike list.
Really addicting at first. All advisor spins give are duplicates. Free and paid spins will 9 times out of 10 give you a 1 star advisor. Some high payout free gem offers didn't go through. I've put in a good amount of time trying to get free gems and never got them. I even was told they added gems to my account and still haven't seen any.
I would have expected given this game 5 stars because it is fun and addicting.  My reason for 1 star is because I performed the task to get free gems on 3 separate occasions and never received my gems.  I sent a vo.plaint email and still nothing so 1 star it is do t waste your time with this game or company!
Good time killer, addictive tap game. Advisor system is rigged though. my friend and I started both today and we got the same four starting advisors? Coincidence? I think not. Although the order you give them is congruent to the growth and flow of the game it defeats the odds of saying you have"better odds" spending gems rather than waiting the day for the free spin
It's really just a time killing game...nothing strategic, but I like playing it. However,  I completed one of the requests to get more gems, and never received them. I contacted them, and they told me that their advisor said I didn't qualify, so there's nothing they can do. Ridiculous! Deleted! I don't like liars!
Ok now im going to 1 star after 2 or so weeks of playing. Still have not gotten my 5000 gems AND i KNOW i just dropped 20 on the double profits for 4 hours and the time is already zero. Customer service isnt doing anything either. Emailed about 3 times. Missing thousands of free gems. Double profit timer is messed up. Gains and subtracts time randomly. Gets on my nerves. Pay all my free gems and fix issues and will give better review
OK I'M CHANGING MY REVIEW. SO ANNOYED ABOUT THE GOLD  EMPIRE OPTION WHICH KEEPS FLASHING AT ME IN THE MENU AT TOP LEFT CORNER OF SCREEN  UNLESS I BUY SOME GOLD TICKETS!!!!!! STOP WITH THAT!!!!! IF I WANT TO BUY SOME I WILL. I DON'T NEED THE GAME TO KEEP ON BY FLASHING EXCLAMATION MARKS!!!! WHAT ABOUT IF YOU DON'T HAVE ENOUGH DIAMONDS????? EXACTLY. YOU CAN'T BUY THEM UNLESS YOU SPEND CASH. TURN IT OFF!!!!!!!!!!
I love this game.. it's kinda fun to play an check to see how much money I made over night.  Now the only issue I have is it's not fair that I kept up my end of the deal with signing up for a free trail to get free gems an now they still have not given me the gems.. I think thats unfair an I don't think no one should look at the ads for free gems cuz they won't give them to u.. it's unfair.. so everyone stop watching the ads..
Every time I open the app all my building receive around a 30 min timer where I'm not earning anything, it only happens when an advert pops up and renders any upgrades/building I have unlocked completely useless. I have to close the game until the timers disappear then reopen the game and surprise surprise another set of timers when the advert appears.  Edit : Also not receiving ANY daily rewards.
Please give me the gems you've offered by playing another games/apps. I already submitted a request and made several follow-ups but to no avail!
This is a fabulous game. But can no longer play it since the update , it continuously keeps flashing the same  page and will not let me go on, it has told me to get rid of some games to make room , which I have done and still won'ti nstall . Help
This is a fun game! I love the different tanks,  but I wish we still feed ALL of them! Also... move the 'retry for 9 gems' button after a game is lost!  I've lost gems hitting that button accidentally not realizing it's my last turn, especially on timed levels.  The daily prize is great though,  and the only reason I kept playing.
SHOULD BE A 5+ I love this game and I'm thrilled that you've got another aquarium open. But I still don't like the treasure chest nor the time limit on it. I miss feeding ALL my fish everyday and not just the same ones over and over. Plus I miss visiting my friends' aquariums. Once you get things back on track you'll be back up to 5 ☆☆☆☆☆.
A beautiful game, even if u never  clear d tiles u don't feel so bad because d fishes comfort u with encouraging words. I really enjoy playing this game, what more u can buy beautiful decors to decorate d aquarium, its fun.                             This game is very addictive, u never get bored with it.                      Even though l have been playing for quite a while now l still love playing this game.
I've been playing this for months now. I love this game. It's 100 times better than Gardenscapes. I love when the fish talk to me they honestly make me giddy & smile. I'm in the 100's levels. So it's definitely playable & not impossible like Gardenscapes. My only issue is not being able to have more fish. Not a huge deal. But it'd be fun to have more! Anyways people download this game! 😊🐡🐠
I want my old fish tanks back. I don't like being forced to play a new tank just because of a holiday.  Once you use up the power ups you have to pay if you want more.  Not enough time to complete even with stylus. Much slower using fingers. However I really like the PC version it plays much better than this android app. I'm finding android apps are never as good as the PC apps or games, unfortunately.
Its really fun and I love marine life seeing different colors and talking to me. I have reached level 575 now. Combination of bombs. Funny sometimes fish are talking. Very entertaining. Develops your analytical strategy to create bigger explosives. Once you play this your boredom will surely lost.
Relaxing except.... some levels are difficult without the power-ups. Wish they gave maybe just 3 more moves before you run out of plays AND - suggestion ... how about letting us buy diamonds with our coins? Beautiful graphics though.
Used to love the app a lot but the last update is just too much to handle. Since we are being fprced to play lvls over and over again to win cash for upgrades, there shouldn't be such a high rate of ads. Last update brought just a bunch of ads after almost every race that you complete and a bunch of bugs. This app had never crashed as much as it did after this last update. Wont stop playing the app because its too much fun but had to reduce drastically the usage due to the bunch of ads interrupting the gameplay
In what world does this portray any sort of hot wheels racing. Bad suspension, terrible vehicles that NO one would collect, after upgrading vehicles they become useless and unrealistic. tracks are not fun.
Fun to play, amazing time waster!   The graphics are good and gameplay simple, but the levels leave alot to be desired. I have seen 3 year olds with more creativity and feasibility in their track designs. And the 2.5 style side  scrolling is the main limiting factor.   Over all the game is still worth a good play once in a while. But the whole time you will be wishing you were racing on the track on the background. The cool one that goes around all the buildings.
So frustrating. There is no checkpoint.  So you have to start all over. Seems like when I do the recommended upgrades for the car it makes it worse.  I don't think it helps at all so what's the point? This game would be way better if it had a checkpoint cause man I'm gonna throw my phone.  Lol kidding
So much fun! Play at work to pass the time. The stunt package reset after 24 hours though!? That's crap, the points system should be more generous seeing as the game really isn't to easy. I compare this type of game to Hill Climb/Hill Climb 2, kind if the same type of game besides cars,  graphics and points. Hot Wheels could be a GREAT game...but it's not, the cars you start off with are crap, they are ugly and can't change colors, or wheels. They are better off creating cars that are more realistic. After playing for a month I dropped the stars from a 4 to a 2. Needs alot of work. Like I said a game this difficult needs better point system
Too many ads, you can't close it or skip. Uninstalled  -----------  Sure, I can buy an upgrade. But only because I have no other option, cuz otherwise the game is unplayable. That's not right. I'm spending money in other games for features I really want to buy. I'm not complaining on ads, I'm saying there is too many of them. Sometimes interval between the ads was less than a minute. It should be a bug, or you just too greedy.
The game look stupid from the picture before I installed it and usually after that I take a look at the star rating and than how many downloads the game has had if its in the millions I will try it out so I tried out this one thinking if I don't like it and I probably won't ill take it off well I didn't think this game would be so damn cool and fun. Wow it's great. The graphics are very nice the controls are like hill climb racing only this game is so much better. Instead of driving as long and far as you can your also in a race to get to the finish line as fast as you can in first place of 2 while you collect flame coins for upgrade as well as fuel so you don't run out before you cross the finish line.
The game shuts down after landing on the very first loading screen. Meizu MX4     EDIT: Launching the game with wifi/data off and/or in offline mode doesn't seem to help, but I appreciate the fast response. 2 stars now :)
Accelerator keeps getting suck. I thought it might have been my screen was dirty but i clean it regularly and it still happenes. Only seems to be as im about to pass a hard level when the game says i need the better car.
It's your typical Product Madness game. Nothing new. Scam, scam, scam. Another quick money grab.  Don't waste your time people. If you've played their other game, you'll know exactly what I mean. Another uninstall and another flag as inappropriate to Play store for allowing Product Scamness to operate with OBVIOUSLY FAKE 5 Star reviews.
Well built app. Very few bugs that I have encountered. Lots of players and table options. Lots of ways to keep players engaged. They have recently started adding ad support. So far, it is non-intrusive and offered as a video in the menu for additional in-game credit. Overall, probably the best poker game available at the moment. It would be nice to have this game be included as a way into the real world tournaments.
Disable this app's notifications so it doesn't alert you every four hours :P .... Great free hold'em poker -- the free chips you get from daily login are more than enough to play nonstop for hours at the $50 ante tables. (Admittedly, this means some people will play stupid go-all-in bluffs sometimes, but that's unavoidable in free apps.) There's always plenty of players, the controls are simple and intuitive, and the ads are unobtrusive.
I WOULD REALLY appreciate it, just a tad, if the special offer to purchase chips didn't automatically pop up when I went to do my free spin every time. This is really very agravating, to say the least. I will change this as soon as you fix that. THIS ISSUE HASN'T BEEN CHANGED. I'd also really appreciate it if you'd look into the fact that the app drains the battery on my phone super fast.
Wowww game... love this game so much... just like m playin in a real table... bet with my buddies... n win... interesting... just that, how sweet if i can claim my dice through my tab. Much easier without need to open my pc... by the way, thank you so much for adding this game in here. Peace.... ♥♥♥  26th April 2014 - what is happening... cannot login as facebook users after the latest update? 'Could not process facebook user... try again,' Please advice.  Ty
Excellent with a good amount of fun elements to be social poker. My only negative comment is that you can buy in but can't cash out. I recommend this game for learning the ropes in a consequence free environment, and for those who enjoy the game itself. The challenges and free chip bonus system ensure you won't be away from the virtual felt for long.
I download the app but i can't play because i can't go any table its always says connection lost trying to reconnect and i use 4g wifi high speed connection. I send you many mails but you not reply me and not solve my problem.  If you not play any  match or game in this app than the app useless. That's why i give 1 star.
Fun to play, decent controls, and low key gameplay. However dealing seems a little stacked - I noticed during showdowns a high percentage of face cards dealt to players with higher buy-ins or VIP status. Seems like a marketing scheme to spend money.
Get to play/beat my fb friends gives you options to play on tables and tournaments  for the people giving the app 1 star because of notifications  ..have you heard of turning off the notifications like you can do on any other app ? P.s and just in case you don't know how to go to the settings on app and it gives you that option to turn notifications on or off.                                                     P.s Zynga it would be fenomenal  if you can send chips directly to another player on app.
I mean...It's really fun...But the amount of ads is ridiculous. I spend more time watching videos than I do actually playing the game. Leave me alone lol let me play for a little while and I might actually be willing to spend money. As it is now Im so annoyed that I stubbornly don't want to spend anything
OMG!,  the amount of ads in this game! Way too many ads and prompts to buy things.     What's worse is even after buying and its stated you are removing ads,  there's still excessive hocking going on.  The in-game sales pitch is strong with this one!   Way too strong.  Uninstalling.
Out of 40 chests, I have received 1 character. I have over 30k coins but can't spend them on characters I want because they are locked behind the chests and there is such a low probability of getting a character that you may not even want. Let us buy any character with coins, even if they are 20k coins or something. Also can the app follow the devices portrait/landscape lock, very annoying. It's sad because I actually like the game and art style.
It's very good overall. There are some problems though. 1. Sometimes, the land generation makes it IMPOSSIBLE to hit as some characters. 2. Some characters are way too OP. For example, Jeremy, King Octopus (yes I've done it before, you just need amazing aiming).  It's way too hard too get some characters,  as well. Especially the chest characters. The two most wanted characters of mine are Barbara and Shark. Barbara is just plain expensive, but also does high damage.  I'm still aiming for the shark. Anyway, keep up the good work.
This game would be a great breath of fresh air compared to most of the others nowadays if it weren't for one huge problem. It has so many ads that you are constantly clicking the x's to get rid of them. Almost as much as you are clicking and swiping the game play. Sorry, but this one's gotta go.
If PvP mode was available then I would rather give it 5 star it's that much fun too play so developers please make sure to avail the PvP system
Ad free isn't actually ad free since you still have to watch videos to unlock chests. That's ridiculous. Otherwise, it's one of the better archery games I've tried if you can look past the incessant ads and microtransactions. I'm on the edge of uninstalling because it's such a blatant cash grab.
At first I thought this game was fantastic, which it was when I first downloaded it. Now all I get are 'Can't connect to server. Please try again later.'. It's getting annoying, I've missed out on a lot of bonus coins, characters and extra life opportunities during gameplay resulting in losing the match. I've already sent in complaints to notify of problem a few times. I'd really like this game to succeed as it is addicting as heck, when working properly.  ☺
Absolutely love the game and enjoy the style. It's an awesome time killer. My only gripe is if I close the game and come back too it, the ad videos don't work for the chest. Only way around it is uninstalling the game and reinstalling it. Which becomes really tedious and irritating since I enjoy the game so much.
Is any1 else having problems with when u are playing sum1 this lil box pops up & says play dice masters & it won't go away & it's takin 4 ever 2 play a game if sum1 knows how 2 get it off I tried lookin n settings & couldn't find nuttin love the game but this driving me nuts
I just don't like that I can't change my profile picture. Any time I click the option to change Facebook picture it just goes to a white screen and I have to reset the app. Bonus roll scratchers also never get you anything unlike a year ago. And forget about trying to check other people's stats. Doesn't work.
I was hoping that this update would bring back the frames you deleted but apparently not. Really don't understand why you got rid of them.
I'd rather not stare at a picture of me and my ex, BUT.. I can't change it because THE APP KEEPS FREEZING AND WON'T LET ME.
Between every roll there are annoying adds. Takes away from the pleasure.
I love this game but im experiencing problem loading it. I reinstall it many times but still games dont start..
Game keeps freezing and won't load dice
Less ads really you downloads games to play a game not watch afs every 5 seconds.
Reinstalled still cant play! Updated still cant play! Ive tried everything . shuts off every time i open to play game.What Now????
Excellent game, lots of variety, lots to learn to get better, but you can have fun as a newbie too. I don't understand the whole Clan vs. squad aspects of the game, which might earn me more resources. Advice to players? Resist the urge to spend gold on robots or weapons until you get AT LEAST your 4th robot slot, and preferably your 5th (still working on my 5th). The more robots you can bring to war, the more fun and points/resources you will have/earn.
Easily one of the best shooter apps I have ever played. For a free to play its amazing. Pay for some gold if you want to get a premium mech, but I haven't needed it yet as a little strategy has gone a long way. My only criticism is I wish I could choose witch weapons fire when I want. That being said I will probably dump a few bucks on this game to unlock its full potential.  To the development team keep up the good work!
This is the kind of game I've been wanting forever now, an action-packed, fast-paced, graphical refined, mech warrior shoot-em-up. I love this game; it is so addictive, I can't stop playing it! But one small request I have is that recently you changed the names of the weapons (ex. ECC Thunder is now just Thunder). I feel as though that feature was an interesting one and that it should be brought back.
Mechwarrior that I can take anywhere!  One of my favourite genres of gaming and this works wonderously for mobile. Hell, this has even more of what I'm looking for than some co sole games involving mechs.  I would enjoy more playgrounds than the usual 2 or 3 fields and maybe different game types because what's here can eventually get stale. I always come back though!
This game is great and thank you it now works fine on my network and this game is great something better than clash of clans where you just sit and play this game has some real action and talents .  Still waiting for features like global chan improved squad system new maps robots weapons and pls the spectate battle option at the starring.   Also american bots are way too overpowered pls buff the galahad to keep pace with rogatka and doc
I like how they put a girl with big melons to ask if I'm enjoying the game lol This is a great game though. My son loves it and I play it just as much as he does. If you have any issues the team is always there to support you right away, not every app has that. They truly earned the 5 star rating. UPDATE: Game keeps freezing after each round, after selecting an upgrade, nearly anything is causing it to freeze now. Feb 8.
I was always a fan of free games, never downloaded a paid one. This is one hell of a free game that enticed me so much that I paid something just because the developers should not go unrewarded from my end. No ads, affordable weapons & robots as you level up. Perhaps the best mobile game I've played. These real time 6 vs 6 matches absolutely captivates you, provided you have a fast net connection.
GREAT GAME BUT. HOW COME I NEVER WIN ANY NEW ROBOTS OR ANY ROBOTS ??  ONLY SILVER AND SOMETIMES GOLD. OR LOW GRADE JUNK. IVE BEEN A FAITHFULL PLAYER OF THIS GAME OVER A YEAR AND SPEND GOOD MONEY TOO.  LOOK OUT FOR US. YOUR FAITHFUL PLAYERS. HOOK US UP EVERY NOW AND THEN. OUR ALOT OF US WILL UNINSTALL AND FIND ANOTHER GAME THAT THE DEVELOPERS. TREAT BETTER.  NOT TRYING TO SOUND LIKE A BUTTHOLE BUT THE TRUTH IS THE TRUTH
Very cool and gets very addictive quickly. As with most things in life, if you want to get ahead, you have to spend some IRL money but it's worth it. Only thing I would change is the way Icefire Fields is determined. Instead of matching random teams, I'd look at maybe averaging out the BR of each team and matching them like that, because with my BR of 1 million, I don't particularly enjoy facing a whole team with BR's with 2 million+.
This game is so addictive.
Great game to play
Wish more of my friends would play
Its so addictive great graphics
The only complaint I have is that if available moves not totally out, then I wish I could use them despite if the level is passed with say one star. Say I have 5 moves left, then maybe had I been able to use those spare 5 moves I could possibly increase my chances on two or even 3 stars, and say I passed with 3 stars, it would be sweet if any extra moves could be transferred to my next level... of course I wouldn't expect it with every life on the next level, just with the previous life that passed the previous level... Just a little input, hope I was helpful!.. Thank you...
Beautiful! Graphics and voices  straight from the movie. I love it! BUT, here's the rub: you reach the point after an hour or two where you run out of lives. You can buy 10 lives for 99 cents, or wait 30 minutes for the game to give you 1 life. But, you lose that life the first time you don't make it through a screen. So, that's not a realistic option. Make no mistake, this is pay to play. I love the game. But at 99 cents for around 2 hours of gameplay, too rich for me!
The magic wand is cool for sure. Other handy features available for success is the  Interaction helping other players as well as them helping you! When your STUCK! on a particular level it a down home Country Feeling!  I Love the Graphics when you have mastered a great play! It's like watching  a great Fireworks Display! That does it for me! It keeps me coming back for more! I will never stop playing! Plus this movie was my all time favorite.
Really enjoy this game! However, it's impossible to get past level 59! Have played it over 10 times and still not passed it! How are you supposed to get rid of those infernal 6 white balls? When a new level with completely different rules begins, PLEASE provide hints on how to play that level!
The Wizard of Oz has always been my absolute favorite movie of all time.I got out of the habit of watching about 14 yrs ago due to a tragic life event. This game is wonderful and basically movie by smartphone.....just follow the yellow brick road! Thank you so very much. I am off to see the wizard the wonderful wizard of oz!
Bought this game about two years ago and gave a rock-bottom review, when actually it was just my phone. So sorry for that Rockstar. Its a fun, great game. I recommend having a newer model of a android phone for this app, other wise, it won't work. I have a ZTE ZMAX and this game is very enjoyable. No lag. Well, a little bit, but the same amount you would have If you kept the game on ps2, cutscenes are great, not one bit of lag or messed up effect or whatnot. Definitely a five-star. Great job, developers.
This game was fun for the first week but it has since lost its luster. Frequent disconnect multiple times . I playing against people with 300 more trophies, match making is busted. Physics are janky when I hit shots that should clear obstacles only to have them land dead center. The wind direction is completely bi polar. Where one person has 3.0 and next shot it's 5.5 in the opposite direction
Decent game. Match making is  absurd at times and the wind should be the same for each player in the turn. It's enjoyable when it doesn't match you with someone many times above your level. Update: Game is addictive, very addictive. Physics are really good, interface is great. As you progress it gets better. Not a money grab like some, don't need to spend money at all and with what they give you for money it is not all that great.
A refreshing take on the numerous golf games on the app store. I do not log on to Facebook ever and it would be a nice alternative to link a Google account. There needs to be a best of 3 to determine a winner. 1 hole just isn't enough, then playing closet to the hole. If the other person has a better club they are more than likely going to win.
Excellent game. Would be better if there was an option for a golf store of some kind so I have more than just three options of club to buy or having to win them in matches. I need certain clubs but have no way of getting them without spending rediculous amounts of money for gems to open chests. Crazy. 4 stars for now.
I wish I had totally control over club selection. The game loses connection a lot and I end up forfeiting a lot of matches that way which is super frustrating. I also would like to move the ball around for different trajectories so you can avoid certain obstacles easier and not have to hit to an exact spot on the fairway every time. Still an enjoyable game overall. Gradient colors on the greens would make them easier to read from the tee.
So far so good. Really enjoyable. Need an option to go to next match after multiplayer round instead of going back to menu when opponent leaves. Hangs on download of 4th course. Cash is hard to come by. How do you share a replay? I go into watch/share but I only get the option to watch. I am signed in to Facebook
Love the feel and play of it over all.  A few things to add. 1st should show distance from pin at all times. 2nd may be add multi hole matches/tournament. Add the ability to add people you get to play as friends. Also make it simpler to send replays to friends as of right now do not know how to do that
I'm addicted. I remember back in the old school Razor phone days, it came stock with a golf game. This is a game changer. I do have connection issues every once and awhile but overall, great game. I also love the ability to play with friends. I got a few friends playing now so it makes it even more fun.
Awesome game with great payouts
Love the pay out
After checking other comments I see Im not alone. Started off good but now l have a big win followed by a mega loosing streak. I think I triggered free spins once in the last month. Its making me loose interest real quick. 2 hour bonus is good along with the daily bonus. Like the games. Its hard to find a quality slot app that I keep for a long time. Have a few but this wont be one of them if I loose millions every time I play.
I gave a good review but didn't like the fact that I won 45 million on the app and which in seconds afterwards it froze or had a glitch and my data and or WiFi was fine and it didn't credit me. This just happened today. About to delete unless someone can help. Not right for if u like a game u want it to work right.
The game has many glitches and errors , you can hit bonuses that pays big and you will be booted and not receive your credits. This mostly happens when they have a promotion on chips to buy. Support will not help they give a short brief answer stating when it reloads it will be added which is incorrect,  plenty complaining of the same issue. Would be great if you actually got your bonuses
This app will secretly steal your chips one small win at a time win at a time.(If you win that amount, make sure it doesnt deduct) I recommend a different slots game. And remember, WATCH EVERY WIN TO SEE IF IT GIVES OR TAKES AWAY!
Great graphics!!! Just get ANNOYED i play even buy coins sometimes and i NEVER RARELY get the mgm hits  I play this game alot to!!! I LOVE TO PLAY!! But im tired of betting high get low wins! Or i ein good once in awhile abd a few spins its gone snd cant play anymore but i see others win huge!!! Be nice if i could since ive bought coins msny times but if i dont start winning big àt all im installing cause it should be fair!
Quality gaming. Doesn't take long to become familiar with the game UI and controls. Lots of RPG elements, eliminates all the plot and delivers just the grind. Easy to play for one minute or ninety. Three save slots so you can experiment plus Cloud Backup! Very nice, thank you!
Still hasn't been fixed they steal your money and don't give you things you pay for when you tell them that messed up and need to give you what you pay for they tell you they're busy
Everytime I try to play it I get started on the game and it says unfortunately the game has stopped and freezes my phone for a couple minutes so I'm deleting this game
Here are three more things to improve. 1. After pressing the "Like" icon under "Follow Us" in "Settings" you are taken to the Facebook App (if you installed it) but the screen will load nothing, remain blank and only say "Content not available". 2. When using some of the old "Additional Blades" Blade lag can be quite serious (Hint: earn enough Starfruit then search for Version 1.9 of the game and install it to buy all the old Additional Blades And Dojos where most of them will say "Sensei is researching this power", then re-update the game to play with them, but to save Starfruit you can avoid those which can be won in the Daily Challenges: King Dragon Dojo, Northern Lights, Benjamin Blade and Wind Blade which I think cost 20000 Starfruit and was one of the most expensive Blade back then!!!, plus those from Special Events such as the Chinese Zodiac Dojo from the latest event!). 3. The game will only freeze after you press "Exit" in the confirmation message, so you can only properly close it by pressing your phone's "Home Button/Icon" or by closing the running application/clearing your phone's cache. P.S., my personal favourites are: Soap Blade, Lightening Blade, Chainsaw Blade, Koi Pond Dojo, plus the Michkillya Blade with the Farm Dojo (Blade sends fruit flying to the two lower corners, thus falling into the two harvesting boxes)!
I thing this is a good game but you should consider taking off the levels when you level up like at least you have challenges and I would like you guys to put a lot more challenges on that game Please And Thank you
I was having 10000 star fruits after an hour it gone it told that you had bought some blades but i didn't bought. But it's a great game
Well it a good game but you need to buy everything like this on March 20 🍎🍏🍊🍐🍉🍈🍑🍋🍅🍆🍍🌰🍇
I loved it sooo much that I think it's great besides that I like jetpack joyride ride to I love all of your games half brick PS:I ate the cookie's
It is the best slicing game ever but in every device I download this game it says fruit ninja isn't working please fix it
U lockable Cars earned with money?  Real time multi-player?  Bike race 2?
Some level's are hard some are easy but overall I love it it's awesome😄
I love this game Ivan play for our even though I die alot
i5 is realy cool. better than thhe original hill climb race
A bike game that you challenge other people to become a good player
I love this game But you need to do some work on the cotrols
It's so much more to it than I expected it's good 🖒👌💖🕶
I really like the idea of this game can you please make more like it
It's really good game I enjoy it .Not bad at all for free to play players. I just wish to allow multi touch in game so I can tap with 2 fingers at once (not successively). And make watching AD videos offers for earning gems , and very annoying bug ; when I am playing the game and close another app like Clash Royale , the buildings time somehow changes and become negative , just fix this and I'll give extra * for rating
Game has some very interesting concepts that keep me coming back. However the boost timers... Well let's just say a 30 second ad lasts longer than a 30 second boost. Why cheat us out of time?
So angry I have played to the point of 3 world's open. Level 300 business so many people helping. And my game restarted. I will now be uninstalling. How damn frustrating.
I updated this new version1.8 but now it's bot working. Can y'all fix this. I love this game and I have gotten far and I don't want to restart or uninstall it. It gets stuck in the loading menu and stops
So many ads and pay to play pop-ups. I've had the same "starter pack" for weeks now. I've obviously started and don't want to pay real money lol. Adventure Capitalist is sooooo much better, and basically what this game is ripping off of.
I love this game. I'm so addicted to it. But it crashed one day and then erased all my progress and started from the beginning. Really pissed me off.
Randomly came across this game and absolutely love it! No problems and tons of fun, can play casually or for hours. Extremely kid friendly and something to do! Free and has the option to buy stuff but doesn't force it upon the person playing 😊
If they actually gave you your free gems after doing a quiz would be much better. They advise you have already received them but don't complain when you accidently take there surveys again. The surveys should be removed if completed not allowing people to re do them and not get the gems.
I would give 1 star if possible. Rewards on the free gems do not come through even when you click on a paid sponsor that pays out a lot of gens.. it's fraud and I'll contacting the FTV and my card company. They also don't reply to problems
You have changed many things and I love it.  Still no piece of cake  to play but u have added things to help.  Also like the fact That you add new things.  Waiting for February  10.  Thankyou  for making the game more enjoyable..especially for those of us on limited incom.
I would give it five stars if there was an option to rename fish and to move them between the tanks. It's so stupid that it's not that way already. Also I think tanks end up too cluttered with decorations while new stars are being earned.
I like the conversations. Also, I find that the program does its best to help the player: first time through a level may fail, but second time I get much better pieces. And it's good that lives restore over time (30 minutes per life). Have not so far had to spend money, though like most in-app games it would make progress much faster. I can wait! One commenter said about "no more moves" - note the difference between "no pieces can move" and "you have run out of your move allowance".  If it ain't broke, don't fix it. 16 June update does not work, and 17 June update won't even update. How about a new update that restores the old version??? ... New version 18 June eventually works, thank you. Bit slow though. Latest update not good.
I'm giving this game 3 stars for 2 reasons. #1- I can't see visit or see fishtanks that are on iOS because I'm on a Droid, but iOS can visit my Droid fish tanks.  #2 - it cheats just like Candy crush does.. but the game itself is a ton of fun and very addicting
I like the game so much I'm about to uninstall one if my other games to keep it to have more data space, but this game is not playing right on thing government phone.  It keeps stopping in the middle of my game going back to the main menu.  I don't want to uninstall it though cause it's  a fun game. Finally found a game that I like.
Love this game but has been crashing bad lately trying to reinstall see if that helps techs told me to report it from settings but can't it crashes!!!  Nope still crashing please fix !!!! Disconnecting from Google play games as well ! Worse after Valentine's update helpppp!
The first 30 levels are pretty easy and they get progressively harder. You have to buy bombs to beat some levels, unless you play it over and over until lives run out, then wait 30 minutes for a new life. It was a let down to know that eventually it just let's you win if you play the same level constantly. It's obvious when you get 16 bombs in one level when you've gotten 0 the previous attempts. Still a good time killer though.
Love the game great time killer i just need more levels have all the levels unlocked and almost all 3 stars its getting boring now that there are no more levels please make more. also sometimes when i get a stunt chest it says its for two timmer and i dont know what its for. please help.
It's a beautiful and very fun game, but why is the acceleration tied to rotating backwards? Because you can't move without rotating, the controls are terrible, which I think is an unnecessary frustration rather than an interesting challenge.
It is OK but clearly a kid's game that for example the ol' nephew, Wes, might get a kick out of. Goes well with a Full Throttle energy drink & Taco Bell. It is just TOO simple & has now been uninstalled
This game is deceptively challenging in the best possible way. It's easy to acquire gems, and the cars have rather unique designs.  If there was one thing I would change, it would be adding the ability to race all your cars on all the tracks, not just the ones in their stage. Still a great game through and through.
After finishing the fuel it doesn't come back to the home page.. it waits until it is destroyed. And if it found the fuel drum it starts to play again.
Good game but I am getting no benefit from the stunt bonus. Says I am getting 1000 coins but there not adding them to my total. Update, the stunt chest is rewarding for car's not in the game. Makes the chest useless
I tried to like it I really did, been playing it nonstop for a good week or so. Takes FOREVER to upgrade without spending real $ so it gets boring playing the same track over and over again. Ads can be a bit much but I understand they have to pay for it somehow. Multiplayer does not match up evenly and there are so many unfinished matches what's the point? Sometimes upgrading actually makes the vehicle worse and there are several glitches. Has a lot of potential but as for right now I'll find something else.
I don't always have time to collect free credits every 15 minutes,  or every few hours for that matter. But when I do get time to sit down and play a game I would at least like to PLAY THE GAME.  3 whole spins everyday is a waste of everyone's time. If I we're able to play the game longer off of the free credits then I would be more inclined to spend my hard earned money on paid credits thinking that I would at least get my money's worth. Such a sad experience.
Why aren't u guys listening? People are dropping ur games because u can't give out points or bonuses.  I would love to play ur games but this is ridiculous.  You just need to take ur app off of the free apps cause this is the worst one I've come across.
Every 0ne deserves an opportuni ty to  ( " WIN " ); Nicely, At least  ( " Once " ), In Their life - Time!. It's not what they  ( " Won " ), But, Just knowing they did made all the differences in the  ( " WORLD " ), TWO THEM,AND YOU, YEAH!, ( " YOU " ), MADE THEM " FEEL " LIKE A "WINNER "!. AND IF ( " THEY; NEVER WIN AGAIN, THEY WERE HAPPY " FORE AT LEAST ONCE " IN THEIR LIVES!  " THANK YOU " ( EACH, AND ALL "!. GOD - BLESS, YOU, ALL "!.
This used to be my favorite game,  but they have tightened up their odds of winning.  No more bonuses and no more wins. They should really think about the user before making dumb changes.  Not my favorite anymore. Their response are the same.  Lol.  Funny to read.
UNINSTALLING!! Get 1 or 2 thousand in bonuses when minimum bet is ppk DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!!!Awesome type of game, awesome graphics. The ONLY thing is that I got maybe $60k a day in bonuses, which completely sucks! I'm changing my review only to say I'm uninstalling this game! It's ridiculous to wait 3 hours or once a day for $3,000!!!!!!! Wait for hours to get a bonus then 4 or 6 spins if you're lucky, just makes it a complete waste of time and no fun at all!
JKF HAVE KEPT PLAYING  BUT HAVE NOT GOT  WINNING OF MORE THAN  1000  THE BONUSES ARE LOUSY 1000 FOR DAILY BONUS WHEN LOWEST SPIN COST IS 10000  AND THIS IS ONLY ON A FEW GAMES  GIVES YOU GAME BONUSES FOR FIRST COUPLE OF PLAY DAYS THEN WANT YOU TO BUY BUY BUY IS VERY SIMILAR TO ANOTHER OF THEIR GAMES  WHICH RATES MUCH BETTER  PITY COULD HAVE BEEN A GOOD GAME ??????????   IF YOU COULD GIVE BETTER BONUS MONEY THAN  YOU DO THIS REVIEW MAY HAVE BEEN MORE FAVORABLE!??????
The worst slot machine app ever I like going to the casino for real and like Cashman but when u can't even get the bonus at all after 5 days. Do not install this app or do not waste your money.
Despite the game's few positives, the developers really bully casual players into spending real money. If you just want to enjoy a limited selection of albeit fun, familiar games with only the free coins they allot you, you might get 10 spins a day...if you're--eh hem--lucky.
This game is great to play. It's a lot of fun and I play at least a little bit every day. I highly recommend it for anyone interested in learning how to play Texas Holdem and playing for fun.  The only thing I would change is to be able to accept all of my friends chip gifts every day instead of just a few of them. Because I never get all of them each day. I'm sure this is not just happening to me. But otherwise it's still a fun game to play.
Very smooth and an enjoyable experience with my Galaxy S7. Probably the most efficient app currently operating. Only one hitch and that it doesn't kick gamers off the table for refusing to play while at the table. Most times it is obvious that a player may have connection issues but it becomes ridiculously obvious when a player purposefully runs time to just win the game for points.
Incredible gameplay , great design, easy and simple user interface. But I have two problems in the app. First is sometimes it gets automatically disconnected and says connection is lost and trying to reconnect several times. Second is that it does not have the black jack and scratch cards to show. If somebody have enough gold to scratch a card and to win chips it doesn't have that. Please fix these issues if you can. Thank you. Otherwise zynga poker is best poker I have ever played.
Very fun and addicting poker game. Although i would like the option to select to play with players from my region so I know what the heck they're saying. Oh and fat stacks of chips in front of your player, pertaining to how much money you have on the table would be pretty sweet
Now the chip gifts are a joke, you'll rarely get the ones sent to you and when playing a "cash" game, it ALWAYS conveniently loses connection, even when on a stable WiFi. Just make sure you're in a large hand if you want to see that happen. Been playing WSOP cause it's more reliable.
When playing jump i keep disconnecting. Plz do something about this. You ban my account cos you reckon i was hacking, i dont even know how too. I won those chips fair n square. Just because some people are Very sore LOSERS!! Yet their is others who do hack and transfer chips to other people but yet you dont do nothing about them.
Certified fair game play: Earlier today I was at a table with, if I remember correctly, had 32,000,000 in the pot. Your fair game play paid a side pot with one pair 31,000,000 then paid my main  pot winner 1,200,000 with 2 pair. Fair game play? I rather think not. That was NOT my imagination. Thanks Zynga Choker!
It's a great game app just don't like how everyone gets so lucky when you way ahead in a hand and someone calls with garbage hand and they give them running cards to win. They need to let the better hand win more often and not get beat so much. But the game play is smooth no glitches and it has plenty of goals to keep busy besides just going on and playing u have tasks and challenges that r fun as well.
Game stuck after I won vs computer, cannot do anything except close the game. This happens 4 times, I cannot play anything else! FIX IT
It's is an amazing addictive game, but the latest update is super laggy. Still love this game and crazy cool characters I think they should  add spiderman though and he shouldn't have a special he should pull them in and they should also add squpion and he should do the same!☺😄😃
It's a great time killer, super addicting and fun to play. But there is an absolutely ridiculous amount of ads in this game. Removing some of the ads would make the game more enjoyable and earn a 5-star rating.
Could use a few improvements. First off, the fact it changes your character every couple of games or so is a bit annoying (I know I am being obnoxious) but still...also, they place you in a spot where the computer (who mind you can already hit pretty often) can nail you with ease. But they are basically up against a ledge making it hard for you to hit. Otherwise awesome game! Oh and. It is quite annoying how you have to add in a "finish them" for ad placement. It makes the game a bit less interesting and lackluster.
Great game ruined by constant ads/promotions. They make half the characters only available through chests but make you watch a video everytime you want to open one, and constantly ask you to spend money.
Don't pay for anything. I paid for the add free version, and it still makes you watch vids to open chests. No online play still. If you came looking for the game you tubers are playing then you might be dissapointed.  It is a good time waster.
This game is terrible. Half the characters kill you in two headshots or have extremely overpowered specials, and its nearly impossible to get any of these characters because the prize wheel pretty much only spins coins. This game needs some SERIOUS improvement.
Since the latest update app not working on Internet or 4g connection.
It won't let me change my picture
Still not working after the update.
Love playing  yahtzee
Love this game!!!!! Ty!
Love Playing
The work they put into this app! The layers of very complex programming make for a highly entertaining game. I got immersed and looking to get to new levels while grabbing achievements along the way. Amazing the strategy that goes into this .. when I once saw it as a simple dice game. This app brings it out! Maybe 25 minutes a day. Move in the morning (Ha!) Breaktime (yow!) Move before bed (Whoa!) Love this game!  Get the paid one .. nixes the ads, buys you bonus rolls and keeps you movin'!
Pretty easy to use if you already know the game and seems decent to catch on to for those who don't. Hopefully. The adds are super annoying other wise i would probably give it 5 stars. I have not won more than 3 or 4 bonus rolls and sometimes I will scratch 20-30 and win 0 bonus rolls. Also the 'watch video for free roll' i gave up on. The last couple times i tried that I watched 3 videos without getting a free roll like stated.
App is some what better with new updates. Some nice improvements. It is worth it to buy a few dice one time to make ads go away. Game erases board at end of game with Dice Masters before you can read it.  Pop up to play Dice master blocks board when you use up available turns, even if it is too soon to play them, so you can not read the board and you can not close pop up
not a pay to win type game...stop whining ...  you play... you upgrade...you shoot the guy who bought himself a nice new shiny robot with mummies credit card and doesnt know how to use it...  developers...can you make the fire button change in size?  i keep shooting my team mates at the beginning of each sesh..  edit...i dont have a facebook page so i wont be adding you to something that doesnt exist..please remove or change this...it seems to be holding me back from something..
While it is a lot of fun... it's just another game where the most important aspect is impossible to get without actually paying real money. Eventually you have so many credits that you can buy anything, but it's the gold that you can never have enough of. It takes forever to accumulate it and you can spend it very quickly. All the cool stuff like paint jobs, special robots and weapons, extra slots all are paid in gold. Unfortunate.
was a great game you could work for your wins. Now everything you worked for is thrown out. Devs must not care bout their base. Was a great time killer till they killed the reason to work at it. If you can buy the events an the bots it might be worth it. I've spent some on it but I won't anymore because it's getting to the point now where you have to. Its supposed to be fun to earn your way.... used to love this game.... come on devs get back to the basics.
Je n'avais pas d'attente particulière et j'ai découvert un jeu qui me rappel les heures passés à jouer à MechWarriors sur plateau. En plus direct et live! Fun et agréable, l'interface est correct! Bonne chasse aux robots! La nouvelle version est bien! Petit ajout mineur qui enrichissent le jeu! Good job! La nouvelle version de la map Yamantau est très belle J'ai toujours autant de fun! Je viens d'upgrader mon cell! Oh que c'est beau!  Pas de lag à cause de mon écran magané! Keep it up! Les events pas sur...mais je participe pareil!
Will definitely give it 5 star if they fix matchmaking system.  Go ahead spend you real money and get exactly nothing for it. Pay them just because they are "nice" guys who manipulate the strength of the robots and weapons the way they want so you don't even have time to adapt.   Want some frustration ? Start playing this game :) and you will get it guarantied.
The core game play is great. The recent changes (Jan 2017) to the match making was a mixed bag. Very uneven matches were the order of the day, with frequent matches against maxed opponents.    This has thankfully been addressed (or the match making has had enough time to find the right balance). Games are now much more evenly matched.   The fun factor has been restored and the game is highly recommended.
I used to think this game was great. When they have special events seems like you have to spend a ton of money to get anything worth while. I think it's made to look like it's totally at random but I don't think it is, the spinning wheel spins different everytime, especially if you are about to land on something good. I don't mind spending money but show me that it's going to be worth while from time to time.
Pretty good so far.  05/20 update, very good, made it to lvl 29.5  got the ships n weapons i wanted, no missing equipment shenanigans.  Tech support responsive, a great way to blow stuff up.  6/20, unlocked 5th hangar slot, still blowin stuff up, great game.  7/7 Still chuggin along, learnin new stuff.  When are the new round table bots gonna be released?  Aug24 New robots, sweet.  Gameplay seems quicker now, matches not as long and seems smoother.  10/05 Updates have all gone smoothly, no lost robots or weapons, decent matches quickly found, gg.
The game is good. I like playing it. If you could help me bring back my chracter i will give it 5 stars. I lost my previous device and i really wanna play it with my new one but when i tried to log in using my google account,it directed me to creation of new characte. Please help me fix it. My character name is kira01, vip 3,level 80,br 2.8+M ,server HKT-153. Please help me retrieve my character. I already sent an email to gtarcade regarding this bit still no response.Thank you and more power.
Its definitely a lot of fun. As you level there's a lot more you can do each day. Constant event updates. Fairly easy to earn gems to afford some stuff. Only pain is to get very good stuff it costs a signeificannttttt amount to get. Basically the rewards for buying gems really aren't that great unless you spend some serious cash. But if you want a fun time killer and don't worry about not being the best. Worth the download.
RPG games are awesome in my opinion but a RPG game this cool is like a miracle. It has players for both genders and the art style is really just great. But what I like most about it, is there isn't just one thing to do in this game like fighting but there are many other parts of fighting that you can fight with real players.last but not least is that it's not that hard to get diamonds or coins, because on the first day I got 2,000 diamonds but on the 15 day I have 3,674 diamonds.
Nice game. But need more classes  of warriors. And need a Berserk er female, Bladedancer female and a magic male as well. Yea, both genders for each type that makes the game more interesting to play. And please don't sexualize the caracters, it isn't very nice and it isn't not serious, feels like cheep propaganda. We should be able to choose the color of the skin, the color of the hair and the color of the eyes (and so on) from our caracters. That would be nice and fun for all that desire a full game experience. The voices of the caracters weren't well performed. We should be able to choose the game language and the story needs more suspense and mystery.
Awesome! Lots of content lots of events. Give players that spend money contanst bonuses through vip levels. In game currency is not cheap but theres nothing stoppibg you being free to play. In future it would be nice to see in depth skill trees and mechanics. Would also like to see mmo style team dungeons where tje classes are important and manual mode is essential to your success
It is awesome! . The only problem I seem to be having and it is the reason I will not be playing anymore, is that I've been playing for the past 3 days making steady progress. Just got to a great level almost finished with chapter 3. Logged on this morning with my Facebook details and it seems that everything has been reset and I am back at the screen where I need to choose what type I want to be. I have tried several times to log in with my Facebook details but it does not display my account information. I am truely sad that this has happened as I really enjoyed this game
Pretty addictive game, playing the actual storyline and missions is addictive but then you throw in guilds, wings, and pets it's like... mind blown. Then you toss in pvp with unstable connections... pvp seems to be the main focus of the game, get high BR and pvp... but many ppl like me... with good net can never pvp or do dungeons with others because with seconds of entering I lose connection... constantly reconnecting, I have really good net, and I'm always on wifi, it doesn't matter if it's 3 am or 3 pm..
Great graphics, and the levels of the games become more challenging along the way. Beautiful imagery, and graphic artwork of the characters are the best that I have seen. I just love seeing Toto pop up as I "travel along" the yellow brick road. So far I have seen the Tin Man, the Scarecrow and the Cowardly Lion, along with Dorothy, the Good Witch, and 'the bad guys' too. A really great homage to the Wizard of Oz.
It's a perfect combination of beautiful and colourful graphics, it's challenging and fun to play. I'm currently on level 153 and I'm not even a little bored of it yet, in fact I  get bored quite easily; but not with this game! The ONLY thing I would change is to make getting gold a little easier! I can't wait to see what the makers come up with next! Well done guys and thank you for creating what you have thus far :)
Love the game but on levels where you have drop gems to get greens in the board, noticed that when it tells you 10 gold or 10 green it doesn't always give you 10 of each like it says. Many times shorted which makes it harder to beat. Would have given 5 on every level if it did as it should.
I have been playing this game every day for over a year. It's so addicting, I can't put it down!! There's glitches here and there, but the devs respond quickly to render the situation. I'm around level 450 range, and the levels get better each time I progress. The graphics are amazing!! I love that I can help my friends with a level they're stuck on when they need it, as well. Keep up the good work!! I can't wait to see the levels ahead!! Give this game a try, I guarantee you'll love it, too!! 😉
Loved the game until the last update. Now there are lots of glitches the twister feature only works if i move a peice then it takes my move. I have beaten the board im on twice and it keeps making me replay it like ive lost. Fix or im ininstalling the app. Very disappointed!
High requirement  levels are just - make one move and then there is trigger after trigger, no idea why they are "matching" to get points just sit there and watch the graphics. Stupid.  Then it completely sucks when you hit witch levels.  Totally slanted against you for her to win - move once and she gets set up for bonus after bonus.  If I wanted to play a two player game against a computer i wouldn't be looking for match games
Very addictive until the level against the Wicked Witch. Game gives her an unfair advantage. No fun to play when you have only one possible move, which gives her bonus after bonus, over and over again. Then I am left with only one move again. It starts a vicious cycle in her favor. Basically it cheats.
I absolutely love the levels you can play against the wicked witch, I know that I am just playing against the computer program but it's a nice and welcome challenge.  I think the only thing I would change or add would be the opportunity to play with friends like you do against the Witch, otherwise the game is great except for minor freezing issue which doesn't happen very often at all.
Game is actually starting to "cheat". And the levels have become impossible to beat unless you spend money. Was actually pleased with the game until these"cheat" glitches were apparently installed into the the game. Am currently on level 703 and seriously considering uninstalling the game.      Have tried repeatedly to message and/or email ZYNGA, but all my inquiries have, it seems, fallen on deaf ears,for I have never received a reply to any of my inquiries.    Very displeased with this game at the present time!!!
Definitely a Pokemon ripoff just with a HUGE pay-to-play element at the later stages of the game. The gameplay and leveling system is a lot like the American economic system: you must pay $10000 for $6000 (or merchandise equal to that) unless you win the lottery. You must have 6* monsters to get 6* and 5* monsters unless you win the lottery. And lottery is just luck. So the rich/strong guys get richer/stronger and the poor/weak guys get preyed upon.
Final Fantasy Tactics remains as engaging and deep to me now as it was 20 years ago (after 30 minutes or so of getting used to the touch screen interface, I was right at home again).  I was especially pleased that this is a port of the PSP version, which was definitely an improved version of the game.  The only reason I rated it a 4 was that the game is very prone to crashing (as several people have noted).  Save often.
If Scott could add movement so you could walk around and check on things in all games that would be awesome. And maybe put some blood on the animatronics. No one knows who caused the bite of 87 it was either bonnie or freddy foxys snout is too long for his mouth to be able to bite some one. Freddys little snout is just the right size to be able to bite of the frontal lobe but then bonnie has the right size to and the same ability to do so.
Huge deadzone on analog steering and when it finally engages it's starts off turning quite a bit, no suddle steering is possible, always end up repeatedly tapping steering. I'd like to steer using Bluetooth HID values as low as 0.03 as there already is a hardware deadzone to begin with. Seems like there is no variable acceleration, either fully pressed or none at all. Be sure to turn framelimiter off, runs silky smooth!
It's so good, and looks much better than the old ps2 days. It runs amazingly. I do wish I could have some features like an immersive mode, dare I say cardboard mode, mappable buttons, and the ability to manually aim but, I understand. Thank you for taking me back to the 2000s :-) If you kids don't dig this and can't run it you suck.
I love this game since I was 15!! My older sister had to buy it for me at that time I was to young :)...gameplay is smooth no lags nor crashes on my galaxy light!! But one issue is saving the game and quitting the game, it does have glitches and sometimes won't let me save. I have to pause it and use the home button just to pick up where I left off..If rockstar fix this then 5 stars automatically
The 10 year anniversary edition of one of my favourite and revolutionary games of all time. This is pretty well ported to android with some extra graphical bells and whistles; although GTA3, Vice city and San Andreas could REALLY do with some title updates to introduce Google Play Games integration like achievements and cloud saves. Its a pain in the backside to start from scratch on a new device!
Just purchased this game and it plays smoothly.... though it did take up way more space than just the little over 600mb that was specified... which sucks cus I'm really running low on space... other that that love it... was just wondering if I factory reset my phone will I still be able to redownload the game? (This is my first time purchasing from play store so just wondering)
10 years ago I would have never imagined I would be playing this game on my cellphone?! But Rockstar did it again! They blew my mind with this one I am amazed. The controls are kinda hard to get use to but once you do it's just like the good old days! My one problem is that you can't use cheats which REALLY sucks but once you get far enough in the game you don't really need them. It just takes time.  Great game Rockstar!!!!  Can't wait to get San Andreas!
Go ur app manager and click on the app market and uninstall updates then try the download again,  it should work app market will automatically Update itself to the most Update version of market…. Its a Win Win situation enjoy…. Oh and I paid six dollors for this I see its on sale can I get a refund so I can buy it again for new price then I'll buy both GTA's…..Just Kidden….
Replaying GTA3 brings back a lot of fun memories back from the 2001, PS2 days. It's just as I remember, fun, funny, and classic. Still laughing at what the pedestrians say and do. I don't really know what people really expected from GTA3 to give it a low rating because this is a classic. People need to get in their thick skulls of theirs that this IS NOT GTA5! Again, NOT GRAND THEFT AUTO 5!
So far the game is running smoothly on my Motorola Maxx. The graphics are as good as the ps2 version. Only downfall of this game is of course the controls. Like most mobile games anyways. Also you can't hit vehicles with your fist or with any melee weapons like the original. So far that's about the only difference. But still great. Well worth the money
Need more courses, or a random pin placement so its not just the same course over and over again.  Need to stop things from popping up during shots.  The connection alert for other players gets in the way.  Would be nice to be able to mute players so they can't spam during shots.  Those fixes would make it a 5 star game in my book.  A best of three holes would be a nice addition as well.
What the hell? I just won a golf game for the 6k tournament. But you took my 3k prize money! Please fix and i have proofs and even recent game play footage shows that i won! Now im down to 711. Now the game application say that there's internet problems. I better get back my win!
Very addictive gameplay. Games lose connection at crucial points though and the game goes to the other player even if you're ahead. It's not my router or phone that's the problem. However, if you are fast enough to get out and back in it reconnects most of the time. It could also use an offline mode for practice.
Addictive game. Taking over somewhat to be honest. Not one hundred percent sure about the upgrading clubs stuff...but I I'll get it in the end. Well worth a go. Get it.  Update. Lost all progress on the 2 feb evening. Game went black then welcomed me to it as a new player with bank balance to match. Have emailed help. Have not heard back yet. I'd completed an in app purchase so it's a bit of a shame.
The game is pretty good I guess. The biggest downfall is the way it matches you with an opponent.  You can have 15 trophies and it matches you with someone that has 80-100. They usually have better golf clubs and will use that to their advantage which takes away from the fun. Other than that, I have no other complaints with the game.
This game is junk. Since when do two people playing the same hole at the same time have two different wind conditions. That makes the game very unfair. It also needs to be more than one hole for the amount of coins they want you to spend to enter the higher level events. Very disappointed with it. Could be a lot better but it is not.😞😞😞
It is a great game... but I've found a lot of people cheating.. they use flight mode to disconnect themselves from the game. This causes my side to freeze meaning I miss shots by running out of time or it just kicks me out... I'd give it 5 stars of they could fix this issue with people cheating
I have always been a huge Spiderman fan and Spidey video game collector of sorts and this game SHOCKED me with it's top of the line quality. Free roam, excellent and easy to use controls and beautiful graphics. This isn't just a good Spiderman game for Google play, folks. This is a GREAT game, PERIOD! It takes me back to what I love about Spiderman games and updates with awesome missions and costumes. Well worth every penny and fully voiced to boot!
The latest update shows breathing volume is loader however i still can't hear any type of breathing. Unless idk what I'm listening for. I still can't here breathing. Witch makes the game impossible to beat. I can't beat the first night because idk if the animatronics is at the door. Other than that works great. Also the words on the main screen (new game, continue) needs to be a little bigger. I seem to be accidentally pressing new game than continue :( plz fix this. THANKS
Works OK on my Samsung Galaxy s6, other than popular sometimes being impossible to close! The Play on TV part is completely lame though. When using my  Chromecast the tossup puzzles start and aren't displayed on either screen until the computer players have solved them! I have a fast phone on fast WiFi. 10 feet from the router. Doesn't anyone test these things?
Love the graphics, great bonuses, awesome games. No decent win since day one. Average play is approximately 3 minutes or less. To ask members to spend cash knowing full well a guaranteed zero real cash return is in place should never be considered as another option to win. This is classified as a free app.
I'll probably continue to play but it's frustrating that I know I'm not gonna win anything.  It seems like my only hope is the daily bonus or balloons.  I understand slots are random,  but almost fifty spins and nothing??? I've paid money for coins and it doesn't matter what my bet is at,  it continues to go that way.  Crazy...I'm the dummy that spent money to play in the hopes that that would change it.
This game bites, you lose more than you win and even when you bet more your chances of wining goes down even more!!!! Don't waste your money here!!! I have lost over 300 million in got nothing and the new game rainbow 7's is the worst one out there. I lost another 200 million and didn't even get a jackpot and the one free spin that someone triggered I only got 2 thousand and something win when betting over 5 million a spin the is the worst slots game out here. I would not recommend this game to no one unless they want to waste their time and money!!!
First i gave it 5 stars til i figured out you have to pay to win. It's like crack you always wait for that first rush but never get it. Customer service sucks. If you complain on their Facebook site they ban you. Good time killer but a piece of crap also.
Well game is fine however when I turn my phone off and back on I get at least 200 photos/images from this games data base including other players pictures. Also at least 200 sounds from the game get saved to my device. After deleting all the BS thrusted upon my phone due to this game it then makes the game inoperable forcing me to have to uninstall and then reinstall the game.
Worst payouts of any slot game I've ever played. Go thru millions in minutes even while betting low. Yes the daily & hourly chips are good but not really when compared to the very low payouts. Only ONE BIG WIN in a YEAR of daily play. Horrible! Fix payouts and would be 5stars
At first I think it is a normal tower defense game so I think it would be boring. However, after I started to play it, I was totally addicted to the game! So many systems, characters, skills, enemies, weapons... And pixel art and retro music, which are my favorite kind of art! No doubt it's the best defense game on play store!
Great game so far (upto wave 70) however not a lot is explained to you, I have no idea about each character and why one is better than another. The main moves on the bottom right I don't know how to change..leveling up isn't really explained and I just keep assigning the better weapons to my team members hoping it's the best thing to do..my Skeleton is the best as I can only choose his upgrades...
This game seems like it's in beta. It is shallow and repetitive. You tap to destroy monsters, upgrade to new weapon drops and get some character bonuses.  Unfortunately, they don't enhance or change gameplay.
Decent game, very intricate, but also explains almost NOTHING to you. While I'm still getting some enjoyment out of it, there's still a lot I don't understand. Which is unfortunate, because I wish I did.
Great game. Needs some work on balance and items. But over all.a great game.   Edit: unlocking hero's is completely useless. The hero's are a complete joke and need to be buffed.
Rpg base defense with pets. Endless mode and junk! Give it a whirl, pick up and play.
Excellent game. Changed my review as it was user error. Thanks!
Amazing game, more than worth the price—definitely a hidden gem. Dev is continually updating the game with content There's too many good things to list, so instead I'll just give my feedback on what can be improved:  - Clarify English descriptions of skills/items - More achievements + repeatable missions - Update and balance the research tree (maybe have some repeatable researches?) - Buff some of the original characters - Physical weapons/chars need a buff - Add option for 4x, 8x, and even 16x speed - Add more uses for gold, don't cap XP & damage buildings
As much as I have played this game (20 in-game days) I've already become addicted. The only issue I've found is that if you lock an item, and then do another day, the object cannot be unlocked. I've permanently collected 3 items so far before I found out.
It's ok very fun but you should make a mode where can design your own sword or character and make more lvls!!!
You could put up challenges that we have to do to get special futers
It's a good game not so amazing but also not like other boring games!! also it have no faults deserves good rating!!
Crashes randomly on classic, not a deal breaker guess it has to be buggy for you to buy into the paid app
This game is addictive and a grew way to get rid of boredom. I am really happy with this game!💖
When i try to watch ads i can't.. And so i can't double my gifts...fix please then i will change my mind
This game cheats every time I get points on challenge mode I get points and lose them
Now seriously??? You make me do a challenge to unlock a useless dojo I already have? Why?
i realy like this game its not to hard but not too easy and there are different levels u can play
Realy fun and addictive and you can challenge your facebook friends
this game is stupid, you crash really  easily and you have to by 90% of the bikes
I love that you can play multi-player and with your self
The game claimed i had a free $5 in game money, so i went to buy a $4.99 bike, and it charged my card anyway.
I gave this app a five star rating because im so addicted to it and i cant stop playing it
I love it it is so great I think if you have not already try it it is a great game 👍
Great game. Really addicting. I think this is the third phone I've downloaded it on.
First off ignore negative reviews they need to get better devices, it runs flawlessly on my Z3 Tablet. The game so far is a lot shorter than the full PC version but I'm loving it. Has full controller support too which is great, going to work my way through all the lego games I think, they're so nice. Annoyed I paid full price for it yesterday and now it is only 50p!!
I just lost all of my progress , However if someone told me about the bizbots trade i would like it , example i will be happy to give you 5 stars if you fix the game for example         if you hit yes then it should say are you really sure you want to trade then if you hit yes it should say are you really sure you will lose all progress of land in exchange for what the bizbots is offing then say type in confirm to continue please fix that and I will give you 5 stars thank you
I've been playing this game for months and really enjoy it.   However,  with this latest update,  the Daily Reward is gone.   Will it come back??   I really counted on that in getting items & sins to help in the game.
Great game my only problem is when you get the free gems deals I only get my free gems 10% of the time so if you don't want the free gems the game is great. Other wise don't waste your time on the free gem Items
Really fun way to pass the time, only watch ads if you want to. At least there's an incentive of extra fake money if you do watch ads lol.
New updates are good, it would be nice to be able to see the profit boost when upgrading to gold.  And also it would be good it we could just hold down the button to purchase the tickets.  Thanks team you guys made a great game.
The game in all is perfect I love it the only thing I have against it is that when I get free gems im not getting them all the time which really annoys me as I don't like sitting around playing games im not interested in
Didn't like game at first. Now I'm enjoying the levels and being able to build my aquariums with the winnings form the levels I win. I don't have to buy coins or diamonds if I'm willing to wait for lives. Just wish I could interact with the fish.
Best game since Candy Crush I enjoy it.  IT relaxes me from a stressful day other than reading the Bible it's a relaxful game and the fish are delightful thank you to whoever created the game. In the fish always put a smile on my face.
Great picture/color/fun graphics. Some are way more difficult than they need to be but still fun. Takes too long to win coins, etc. Loving the Christmas edition. ... very cute. Now a Valentine Edition....  Still having a great time in FISHDOM. Much more to my liking than many other games.   It would be even better if it kept a tally of our 'belongings'.
Please give rewards for visiting our friends tanks, like you used to.. and give out more coins in levels completions please..  Make things cheaper if you won't give out more coins per level
I love this game but since the new update I can't get into the game at all.  Please fix this problem it's so irritating ,  if not then I'll delete it.  No point in having a game you can't play
Filling up your fishtail with fish and various vegetation and sea finds or buried treasures along with exotic plants.  You are able to do this by buying these items.  You earn coins through in-app purchases, you can earn them by completing and winning different sea puzzles which get progressively harder the further into the game you get.  You can also get them by keeping your tank clean and feeding your fish and by feeding the fish of friends.  You get 5 lives each day to complete puzzles.
Great challenging game but let down by difficulty during special events - surely the limited time bonus levels shouldn't be so hard? Leaves you feeling really disappointed when you can't get the seasonal rewards!
A very addictive and fun game. The only downside that'd I hate. When you buy more diamonds, bombs, and combos it uses up the extra diamonds too fast. It's like they do it on purpose to make you spend more money.
This game is way to expensive to play. It is full of ads - constantly.  You have to pay $3 to stop the ads. It takes way to long to upgrade a car unless you pay, which can cost you upwards of $10. I downloaded this for my kids that are huge Hotwheels fans, but now they are annoyed with the game. It is better just to spend your money on actual Hotwheels cars and track. The game asks for your age. I would have suspected that would be to display age appropriate content  and limit ads. But after entering a young age for kids it still shows way to many ads that when clicked take them to the Play store.
Beautiful Games. Keeps me occupied  But I recently finished the level one and was beginning to start level 2 and the game crashes. And tried to restart it but have to begin from level one again. Can u put me to level 2
Poorly placed refuelling points, upgrades take forever. obviously pointing you to buying things to even progress. Accumulated credits dont transfer to next level, very greedy developers.
I deleted it because i worked on maxing out a car so i could get my stunt chest on the next car and it forced me to open it when i only had a couple of upgrades left.... i also dont like how the coins are per car. I wasted a lot of time on this game to be forced to waste more because it forces players to put time where it wants rather than where the player wants
Please do not download this app. Ads pop up randomly, and what ultimately caused me to delete this game and write this review is that one way of earning extra "coins" is to fill up the stunt meter. Twice now I didn't receive the reward. I looked for a customer service contact but all I can find is corporate, nothing specific for this game. Driving mechanics and dynamics are fun, but unfortunately like most apps these days this one is bogged down in ads and misleading rewards.
This is a five star game for me and maybe for you too if you like simple games with a little challenge. To the reviewer who said that the game falls on not providing a way to pick a specific jump and let you perfect it, well that's free play mode.     Problem solved. I'd like to see a sequel that's a bit more fast paced where you coil make a second flip off the rebound of your last one.
WITH SLOTS AS TIGHT AS THESE....NEVER WOULD I BUY CHIPS....NEVER....IT TOOK 13 LEVELS BEFORE I GOT A BONUS ROUND...WINNINGS A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT......THIS IS MORE LIKE WORK SPINNING FOR A BONUS ROUND, THEN HAVING FUN....I HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND AND UNINSTALLING....BUYER BEWARE...I ALSO NOTICED THAT THE EXTRA 7's NEVER GO INTO SLOT BONUS....SUCKS
Dumbest Bonus system I have seen. My 15min bonus gave me $2,500 but, the minimum bet is $10,000. I would have to get four bonuses just for one spin....
should call pac man .cash gone fast.bonus less.. bet high pay less.very good game can't play.keep it up.don.sad...pac man.....pac man....hahaha.lost all in 3min..wtf.
your bonus coins suck you can take 3 spins!!! And after a purchase playing min bet it's 3min and all is gone there's much better games worth paying and playing for. Might just report it to Google
I actually dig this game in the real casinos.. u guys messed it up.. less payouts and more spending .. whats up with the lame bonus?? Come on!!
Lost everything both times I tried it. Minimums are high when your cash is low.  Doesn't pay well enough
Really liked this app until I hit over 4 million coins on a bonus...error came up and I never received any of the winnings
Wish we could play other games like  hearts of Las Vegas and big Ben good kitty flame of Olympus pelican
You barely win, if at all but hey, its quick to try and sell you coins. Even in the middle of spins
This game is garbage. People with big stacks win no matter what hand they have & have unfair advantage. The game constantly tries to pressure you to buy chips, even though I never will. Oh and mysteriously you go on loosing streaks for days no matter what hand you have. This again trying to force you to buy chips. Just garbage
Just like every other free poker app. You get 1 table in about 100 where you can actually play. All the others are 'all in' pre flop or gtfo. Tiresome. The league table has made it worse as all the high stack plays are just jumping on lower tables and buying in the minimum and going all in as they will go up the league table when they eventually get the win. DO NOT RECOMMEND!
Its not for beginners. Even of you know basics very nicely.. You cannot figure out where is your card, what you have got? The app by default selects fast mode and it keeps going and u just cannoy figure where the hell is yout card! I hated it.. Bad Bad Bad.. stupid interface
Yep I think it is a lot of fun to play and- challenge others from all over the world and fast and quick to access ur poker table and you are ready 2-win the biggest pot yet... try it and find out!!! Not really any ad's witch is- awesome".....Rabbit_out!!!
I have a problem everytime i play i was always deducted 10% even i turn off the meter bar of my game why?  If there is a rake please inform us thats a very annoying!  Please fix this zynga please what is happening i feel you zynga cheated us!
I love poker, but the zynga app is starting to make me hate it. 1. That really out loud bell when is my turn is really annoying, add some button to disable it , other sfx doesn't bother mw. 2. When running the zynga app  it stops any other app that uses my audio output, yes, it stops my music, fix that as soon as possible please.
I'm not getting what I'm supposed to be getting on the bonus spins I'm lucky if I get half of what the pay table says I'm ment to get and they still haven't solved my missing buddy's problem the costumer service suck ass so don't expect any sense out of them a BIG THUMBS DOWN TO ZINGA! !!!!
Great app so far. The only problem is there's a limit in chip gifts per day, i receive 20+ chip gifts a day and i can only accept 5 of it. And the stickers/gifts while playing, i hope theres a disable button for that, its annoying that players can send you a tissue box with crying face from time to time.
This App is not fair, and rips off chips. I had $50 mil in chips, took $10 mil to a table, left table with $20 mil, total only $57 mil chips. They stole $3 mil in chips from me for nothing. And this happens all the time with amounts varying on how much is missing. I sent a long email to the game, telling them of the problem, and all I got was an auto reply email saying, if you have problem with a deposit please call us. This is such BS
I seriously can't stop playing this. It's so much fun and the fatalities are hilarious. When I get fired and my husband leaves me for not paying attention to him, it will for sure be this game's fault.
I remember playing bowman on the internet years ago, and being obsessed with it. This game revived it and made it even better. Tons of characters with different abilities, and cool levels as well.
Simple and fun game but after you have all the characters there needs to be a shop and power ups to spend the coins on. Maybe new maps and fatalities too?
Has some bugs, its getting boring and my coins are piling up. We need PvP and another way to spend coins like character skins.
Its pretty cool. I use it to kill time but its cooler than just a random time killer sorta game. But there's no story to it or anything, which is a pity
It was cool for a while but lack of anyone to play with really drags it down. There's also not much to use coins on after you buy every purchasable character. I really liked it while it lasted though.
Lots of fixes and much improvement.  Great game, better much faster interface and gameplay. They even brought back the "watch videos to earn free bonus rolls" feature, which is awesome!! But now, with the new update, you can forget all about trying to win free rolls with scratchers- 😣  IF you even win at all, it's likely to take about 30 or more scratchers to get even ONE free bonus roll. 😔 So scratchers are virtually worthless. Fix this, Scopely, and I'll rate it 10 stars!
Its great for passing time and meeting people. Its a bit hard to obtain custom dice and you never win anything on the scratchers ever! The most i have ever won was 2 bonus rolls and thats only happened twice and im level 21.  All in all its still fun.
You developers don't listen to anyone and their reviews. Your game Yahtzee sucks after the update, way too many ads, the screen is full screen where before, you could at least see the time and other notifications, we don't get payouts on the scratchers and it takes a while to play others because they are probably like me on closing the app to get rid of the stupid ads. I uninstalled the game for good this time. I loved this game until the latest update. Now it sucks. I had it with this crap and I'm uninstalling for good. GOOD BYE FOR GOOD
So latey they've been generous with free rolls and videos for free rolls but now they're back in that BS where you never break even. But in the end the same Bs pattern exists!!! You can't win. I love this game but the programmers are all about making money and not the fans pleasure... The update pauses then throws a tab where you're used to touching and you're charged the rolls for whatever the option is. Total BS!
Why is it there is no confirmation to spend bonus rolls on fresh starts?!?! Some are up over 25 rolls. You sneak the fresh start button in and put it right where PLAY is. I THINK you do it on purpose. I play fast. Thats not fair. Especially when you make us confirm to spend 2, 8 or 15 rolls in a tournament. Ugh.... I lost 50 bonus rolls. 25 x 2....accidentally hitting fresh start when i absolutely had no intention of it.
I just started playing this again after sometime away after all of the new changes that were not for the better at the time.. But I do very much enjoy the new weekly challenge you added and all the towers you give to play. That made for an awesome update. But as of today I can not play for some reason the game is lagging really bad and having a hard time loading on my droid phone. All my other games on my phone are fine. but this plays fine on my iPad. Just wanted to inform you. Plz get back to me poss.
The thing that bugs me are the scratchers. You hardly ever win more than a couple bonus rolls... I win more on real life lottery scratchers (And I never win those). Other than that, I literally play it everyday. I love the different dice and how every holiday there is a new dice master showdown, that's cool.
I LOVED this game when I first started playing. It was so fun and addictive! However, a few days ago I  loaded it up and I noticed something a bit....off. I thought maybe my phone was lagging, but I checked my diagnostics and opened up some of my apps, but everything was working fine. Loading the game takes forever to load, I can't click anything in the game, and ads are taking up 90% of the actual game play. I sincerely hope that they fix these issues soon!
I love this game BUT anytime an event is going on, I NEVER, and I can't stress that enough, I never win the good prizes. I always get the cheap stuff that I already have and that you can buy with a little bit of silver that you win from battles. That is a major flaw to me but I see why it's setup like that, so they can make money of course. I don't blame they app creator for that at all but a nice prize from an event once in a while would be nice...
Pay to play ruins what could be a great game.  Game is woth paying for ($5 one time) but is definitely not worth the $10 a month they want. Also it gets old that at the end of every battle they remind you that they are holding you back because you will not pay.  Would be a easy 5 star if the "premium" was normal play.
Good game match making continues to suck though. You will find yourself using lvl 4 bots in with lvl 12 robots with lvl 12 weapons. They struggle with the most basic concepts it seems. Graphics are good, idea is great, hope it comes out on platform so they can get more funding and hire people brighter than what they have at the moment.
In 1998 - 2001.. Microsoft had a game called. " Mech Warriors " I was addicted to that game. I had every expansion pack... This game is very similar to Mech Warriors.  If you guys have not done it yet. You should go to Microsoft and see about a Copyright partnership. The Mechs in that game where Awesome... Could be added to this game.  Last but not least... You need more battle ground maps... Other than that.. Im not going to stop playing this game..
This game. What can I say? Guns. Mech suits. Explosions. Upgrades. All this and it's a great, playable game. Certainly worth it for a free game. What can't I say for it? Well, core game play needs a little buffing in my opinion. Constant point capturing is fun enough, but it's all you get. No real deathmatch, no CTF, just capture the points and smash the other team. Also, the graphics aren't terrible, but it's a far cry from stunning.
Well, what was a wonderful game has now been destroyed with the new MM. Someone at Pixonic, please tell me how my lev 3 or 4 bot is supposed to play against maxed out griffins? OK, I can understand you want to eradicate seal clubbing for the benifit of new players...that's fine and I agree. But all you've now done is made all high bronze and silver players seals for maxed out players. How is anyone able to progress in this game? Please guys, separate the tiers properly on the test server before making it live. I hope the elo and mm balance out soon. Unfortunately, I have to say, what was a 5 star game is no more. I hope common sense prevails.
I have spent $30 cash playing this game. I open Android inside windows and play this game on my PC to have even more online fun. Christmas time was the best as they were just giving stuff away. Can't wait to see what they got for Valentine's Day I'm sure it will piss my wife off cuz I'll probably spend another 30 bucks. It's very addictive if you like to shoot things. This game is first shooter and you can hunt in packs to kill the enemy
This used to be the best game I had ever played on my phone. Controls are intuitive and easy to use, the graphics are beautiful and it's FUN! However, they recently messed up the match making system so I'm constantly put in matches against opponents that are MUCH stronger than me so I have no chance of winning.
I loved this game for the first day. Linked to Facebook and to my Google account but now it can't log me in, it says network error. (29/12/16) Again, after a new update, although I am linked through Facebook, gtarcade, Twitter, and Instagram, yet again I cannot log in to my saved game. I log in with all my details and it keeps sending me through to new character creation! Rayvana - EU 191 - VIP5 - BR 10000+ - Guild Italy1 . Really would like this fixing as I've spent money and really enjoy playing the game. Will give better review if and when issues are fixed!
Here's what I think, great game, super nice gameplay, awesome graphics... But it requires too mch Internet access to play, aaaand I've not been able to even enter the game to play after logging in all wknd... If even 1 of these issues can be treated, then 5 stars all the way will be selling it short... My thoughts.
The game is soooooo awesome!!! I cant even give my cell a rest!! Filled of sooo many things to do and skills to improve and you dont even have to give out soo much cash. It simple, straightforward, outright fun and enjoyment. The only let down is that you cant make a new hero in other server without giving up the other. But all in all, its just pure AWESOME!!
Really great game, its a great free to play game that gives a balance between pocket warriors and free to play players. Graphics were great. Only downside for me was that it stopped letting me sign in to my account so i have uninstalled it. It was fun while it lasted. Ive tried everything from clearing cache to doing the ol' uninstall-reinstall trick but no dice.
It was a good game till it updated or downloaded an extension and now it will not load or go to the game at all. It just shows a loading symbol and that's all. Even tho I have unlimited 4g LTE and a very good wifi it does nothing. I have 20 gigs of space and still nothing.   UPDATE: IT work till the latest update now it won't go pass log in. It's a cool game if you can get it to work. Not worth the thirty minutes it'll take to get it to work again. UPDATE: It works finally.. Alright game I have loa so I thought this game would be as good. I wish this wouldn't force me to upgrade, certain suits I like and I'm being forced to change it. Don't like that. Overall cool game
It's a pretty nice game, considering I never play mobile games, but as a girl, you marketed this heavily to girls. I'm not a blonde and would have much rather been able to use a blade. I'm not even caucasian. I don't think it's too good of an idea to keep the only options for females to be a magic-wielding, blonde-hair, blue-eyed and half naked player. Not every females (or guy playing as one) wants that. The game moves at quite a nice speed with good graphics and neat fights. Overall, nice game.
I love this game!!! By far it's the best I've ever played and I'm known to delete games quick. My only concern is that I have yet to see any of my VIP packages and it concerns me. If that problem could be fixed it will only make that game 100X as better than it already is. Any response to this issue would be very helpful.
Love, LOVE, Love this game!!! It's hands down the best game I've ever played by Zynga or any other game at all. I recommend it to all my family and friends. Unlike other games where you match things, this game is challenging and keeps each level different than the other! I have nothing but GREAT reviews for this game :)
I loved playing the game until I upgraded.  Now I can't even get the game to load up and when it does, it completely freezes up on me. I have tried in several occasions to get it fixed and no one has responded back to me. Fix this game NOW or I am deleting it! I am very very disappointed!
Really love this game.....I hope they fix the issue with the new upgrade not downloading correctly. The game is always changing so it's not the same old thing each level. New friends invited. Come play and have lots of fun
Completely pointless!! I downloaded the game and played 3 levels before it stopped working. Now it can't even get through the  loading screen before it shutdown or freezes. Fix it NOW or I'm deleting it
Fix your bugs Zynga this is not typical of you. Tired of having to force  close after beating levels or getting a reel. Id make your own event too while at it instead of copying candy crush.
This is my favorite match game. I've deleted all the candy crush games because, in my opinion, this game is just way better. It's challenging but not too the point where I get stuck on a board for an unreasonable amount of time. And the graphics are really beautiful.
Love the game. Don't like the fact that I am constantly getting kicked off of it. Can play for a little bit then it shuts itself off. Starting to really upset me. Hope you can fix the problem soon.
So addictive! This game is fab.  Graphics are great and games can be hard but not to a point where you can never win. I like that there are descent daily rewards unlike other apps and no annoying ads. Keep up the good work!
Love it. Need my daily fix. I play multiple times per day. When I run out of lives I get on with other things then come back for more. You can also complete the Toto Tasks and earn gifts and sometimes win unlimited lives for one hour. Challenging yet achievable... No small feat!!! Bravo Zynga!  Not sure why this game isn't available within Facebook... Maybe Zynga is weaning itself away from Facebook?
System not restored. I have been an avid player of neo monsters for awhile now with no issues until now. I changed my device and went through the proper changed procedures. However, after the code was imputed and the game restarted it restored a retrograde version of my progress. I lost 5 6 star monsters among other. I'm left to compete through the elite league again when just yesterday I was completing the matched to become the grand champion. This doesn't stop me from playing through again. I ask that the restore function be looked into and fixed please.
Wish they would explain how to expand cost limit. I haven't played for weeks because I'm stuck with 3 strong monsters or 9 weak ones and can't win a battle. The leveling system  sucks. Pokemon is better. If only I can find a proper emulator  and rom
A good game and story but I have one issue. It won't download the additional files so I cant make more progress against the tropical island. That's enough to make me uninstall it. The enemies are not following the cost limit too making it hard for those who can't get more rares and training tickets. I hope this gets fixed soon enough.
The game rips you off. As you progress the game pretty much requires you to buy gems otherwise you won't be able to train your monsters
Try to get a legendary kinda sucks though im a lvl 36 have yet to get one have cracked so many eggs with no luck has bought countless gems to crack eggs with no luck yet when i get a friends help on something i see lvl 4 thru 12 with a legendary and aggravates me lol finally got a legendary at lvl 44 cracking eggs sucks always get doubles of epics hardly any legendarys there whole percentage rate blows 5% more like 0% considering the amount of eggs i have bought and cracked is at lvl 51  now
ilove old version.. update is become a bullshit. my save progress is delete if you quit the game can you  fix this!!!
Its really fun, i play it all d time since i downloaded it...  It just sometime its very hard to get the very rare and strong monster
The game itself is awesome, always has been. My problem lies in the fact that I purchased an SD card and tied it to my phone so that I had a place to put this program and not hog up all my internal storage (which means it barely runs). The program does not allow itself to be moved to SD card and negates the entire reason I bought said card to begin with.
Perfect PORT. Just wish they had a "save and suspend" feature which would mean they would add to the game for mobile. While it runs in background mu phone auto kills after an hour or so. So i wouldnt recommend this be played on the potty while working haha. Also save in  the middle of a battle. Great game though! Thank you!
Running on HTC One m9. I've had no crashes whatsoever. Down a star because the touch controls can be difficult. Hard to position a unit when a tree is in the way on each rotation. I'm not complaining about cloud save because I have no need, but if it crashes for others, look into it.  The speed boost and cut scene skip is an A+. Overall I like it.
The app seems to have been at version 1.0 for a while. I'm hoping this android version will be updated as was the iOS version. Cloud save is a definite must. The app also seems to reset when switching between screens. With the extreme lag on the PSP version, the mobile app versions seem to be the definitive way to play Tactics. The android version desperately needs a new update though. It's pretty buggy. Maybe update it already... EDIT: finally updated. But needs to implement cloud save.
This brings back so many memories. The animation slow down on Motto G is frustrating. My only other big is shutting down randomly, save your game often.                                                    Hopefully the update for stability is for real.
Your Android ports are so broken and terrible I just don't understand what's going on with your company. You're so actively anti-pirate. If your games run better off an emulator and bootlegged version of your games than your actual ports then why are we paying exorbitant prices for bad ports? I will stick with bootleg and emulation until you get your stuff in line.
FFT is an amazing game as all of us who downloaded this game will agree. However? This game crashes way to freaking much. And once it starts crashing it crashes even more frequently. Please fix. It's stupid that we are paying for a broken app!
I really like the game. As I did with the the previous 2 games. This has a really good ending to the series. Thank you Scott for making these incredible horror games, and I really hope this isn't the last game because a lot of people including myself are curious as to how it all began at Fredbear's Family Diner.  If this is the end that is ok it was an awesome series thanks again. By far the greatest update so far! Got the animatronic twitching animation.
When I was in the gamer club I didn't like games that much so I didn't look up any of the games they talked about, and they kept talking about it. So now I'm in the sports club and even they said that I had to get the game. So I first looked at markiplier's play through and now I love his channel. But even more importantly I loved the games. And that is why I give you 5 stars!P.S. all of the games are smooth and no bugs or glitches
The First 2 FNaF games were perfect, and top notch!  While this one is.. kind of a downgrade. The only scary jumpscares are the phantom animatronics. While Springtraps Jumpscare is only made me jump once. In the PC version of this game,  he has two Jumpscares, both are disappointing. The game has NO instructions,  it assumes you already know how to play. BUT, when you  learn how to, it is pretty easy-to-use.  I suggest you get the PC version of this game. THE END
ITS THE BEST GAME OUT OF ALL TIMES. BETTER THAN 1 AND 2 AND I FOUND OUT ON MY OWN PHANTOM FREDDY IS REALLY GOLDEN FREDDY.  yes i know there only springtrap can kill you but its alittle scarer in a way to me.I cant wait for fnaf 4 THANKS SCOTT IF YOU READ THIS.
OMG! This game is so amazing I love it. Now it is a tie between this one and the 4th one as being my most favorite. I actually think I like this one more than the 4th one. I just love Springtrap (SpringBonnie) so much! Chica (including all Chicas) and Springtrap are my two most favorite animatronics of all time!  Including Mangle. THIS GAME IS OUTSTANDING! I LOVE IT SO MUCH! And the jumpscares are super scary.Love it! (Btw did I mention I love it?)
This is probably the best FNaF game. Great job Scott! Although I am having issues with Springtrap. I get him on the other side of the map, but when the video goes out, I immediately find him by my office. Please fix this Scott! Other than that, this game is very creative and great! 👏👐👏👐👏👐👏 😻👻💖 👍
I am so adicted to all of the five nights at freddy's games! Make #4 harder. I'll be up for the challenge. It's just that I can't pass night 4 because when Spring Trap is right outside my office, the ventilation goes wrong and if I try to fix it, Spring Trap kills me. I don't know how I'm going to pass night4. I need some info
In my opinion this game is worth the $2.99. This is a good game of strategy, timing, and jumpscares.  Although I have not beaten it yet (because I'm playing the whole series on youtube.) I have beaten the demo. The only thing I have to say is its really easy so far although I have not played night 4 or 5. Thanks for reading this if you got this far. :-)
Not as good as 2, but way better than 1. I like the concept of moving springtrap from room to room. I also enjoy the phantom animatronics. It isn't what I was expecting when I heard number three was coming, but it is still fun! I was hoping for a first person one where you get to walk around room to room... I might make my own, since I can program in JavaScript.
Some of the harder missions are nearly unplayable with the touchscreen interface. Very glad to see the player/prostitute interaction gone. Unique stunts are still awesomely entertaining. Add full support for bluetooth keyboard and mouse and I'd buy the rest of the franchise and rate them all 5 stars.
People if u suck at controlling cars don't complain that it's the games fault. I can drift cleanly around a corner without hitting anything and btw you can move the controls around in the options. Also it's an android port you shouldn't expect it to be just like the console version! If you like gta it us worth the money!
So much to offer. For extra fun, I recommend the cheater for the ammo and experimenting with the public xD. Missions are not too hard, and the cars are rather decent. Once you beat the game, it is pretty chill (kinda boring) but definitely worth the money and space for it.
Talk about deja vu although don't know what certain people are talking about in their comments? You cannot sue R* for the app not saving correctly... its more likely to be a fault with you phone and software than the actual game it's always saved where I am up to everytime and never let me down Fond Memories every time I play it... Thanks Rockstar
I know you might get this a lot but is there a chance you could shrink down the space required to download because even if I delete all my apps I still can't download it. If you can please reply to let me know when its ready in a smaller size. thanks
I have the samsung mega, and when I play its fine and smooth. When its time to save the game the save screen gets darker and non of the buttons work as far as saving the game. I can get back to the game and play, but whats the point if I cant save. Also I cant access the stats menu, it goes blank and freezes I have to manually force close the app.
I got the same error as a lot of other people. Fixed it by leaving the Google Play page open, keeping my screen on, and not touching my device until it was done installing. Worked like a charm. This was the first game I ever played on PS2 and now I have it on PS3, PC and Android, and I regret nothing.
I have wanted to play this game for a long time, and having it on mobile really appealed to me. However this app tells me that I need more external storage to download. Having deleted a lot of files on my SD card it still shows this message. Any help fixing this would be appreciated.
Classic!! Works fine on my xperia m2, only downfall I have is controller support for a ps3 control is not mapped right eg square button enters a car! This fixed or an option to map an external control yourself would be perfect please? If not, still worth the money :-)
Would give 5 stars but matchmaking is way off. Barely get a game with someone at the same skill level. With three times as many trophies or vice versa. Constant connection problems and drop outs causeing you to retake shots or the app to freeze up resulting in unfair losses.  Unfair wind. Opponent can have 3 tail wind and I can have 5 head or side wind. Also need to make proper shot penalties. To many people with monster clubs that can pull back a game after losing a ball.
Cool game. The only thing I hate is in order to have any kind of profile, you need to use Facebook. I hate that. Google account is more popular than Facebook, but they did say they may have other ways of customizing this in the future... I I don't know how long that was the case and not sure when they plan on changing that. I will change rating and review once they update the game so players do not have to use Facebook
BUGS WILL TAKE YOUR EARNED PRIZE MONEY!! Twice now I've won shootouts on Tour 6 and instead of receiving $$ and chests, I was charged the entry fee as if I had lost! This is extremely frustrating and it's making what is otherwise a great game
Seems like a great game but I can't ever play because there seems to be nobody else online playing can never find an opponent the box keeps spinning. Maybe you should add an arcade or computer opponent I haven't played another person yet
You guys truly knocked it dead with this game I love the easy to use controls perfect graphics and the P.v.P is great! It would be nice if the match-making would match you with a player that is ranked the same as you or some what close to your rank. I would truly like to see a offline mode facing a increasingly difficult computerized A.I to be able to win or lose coins end possibly win gems and/or new clubs or club cards. Hope to see future updates for Golf Clash and future new games from you guys at Playdemic! Thanks
Great game mechanics nearly ruined by a large pay wall.  I don't mind grinding for better equipment or even paying a few bucks when the value is there but the chests just aren't worth it. I spend far more time waiting for chests to unlock than actually playing the game, which is sad because this is easily one of the best golf games I've played on mobile.
I Don't need a big box covering left half of the screen telling me my opponent is offline. Also we need mute other player while we taking a shot. Change the unfair wind. While other have tail wind and I got head wind, etc. Need more game mode like tournament or something. Also the platinum or king chest should have higher chance to get. All I got is silver chest and 1 gold chest per day. Never any platinum or king chest at all.
Best game i have played on android. Easy to pick up and play even if its just for the one match and playing with friends is made simple with no effort. I really cant rate this game high enough. I have never given a rating to anything before now but for this simple but amazingly well designed game i would tell everyone possible to get it. Try it for yourself and tell me im wrong!!
Overall the games has everything your looking for if you enjoy the game of golf... With that being said I  feel as if the prices are outrageous.... The bots are really not necessary are they... Can't get to the top without spending some green... "Rich man's game"
This game has amazing graphics for a cellphone. It runs very smooth as well.. Their are a few glitches here and there but that can be expected from any game including console. I have played The Amazing Spider-Man 2 on console and compared to it, it's very good. This is a fun open map, well written story, and all around good. It's definitely worth the 6:99!
Its a nice game but it could use alot more stuff to do. Maybe add more catapult places in the map and like alot more swinging animations and like maybe do tricks in the air other than the backflip into a dive. And when spidey jumps off a building he either does a backflip or a front flip and make it so if you land to hard he loses health or he catches himself with webs before he hits the ground and Make him able to hang from helicopters and make some peter parker missions or like aunt Mays house.
It is a good game, but the fighting graphics are to simple. Maybe improve the fighting controls and then I'll rate five stars. Bit keep up the good work for all games Gameloft! Also, there is a glitch I sometimes get where it says no connection and continues I can't play. Fix and I'll give give five stars
Great game play. The controls are simple. Only thing is when he's swinging  it's a little difficult to control what direction to go. But without that it would be way too easy, so I see it's logic. Thank you for a great game I can play on my long trip to Orlando next weekend.
The hunter boss fight keeps crashing. And there's no way to beat him as he will always always dodge my attacks even though he is stunned/exhausted. I can't get a single hit in. I want a refund.
Graphics are fine on the Samsung Galaxy Tab A 9.7 but not the best. I woulr prefer they fix the web-slinging a bit, as Spider-Man just jags up and down when you perform the beginning of the web-sling. But, overall, it's great. Just improve the web-slinging a bit.
First of all it did not cost me 420 but an extra charge of 50 rs. Was deducted twice from my account except for the 420 without an explanation and now the game doesnt work....its stuck on downloading profile dor ages....i need instant assistance on the matter
I know the mobile version will be different but where are the mini games? I've seen them on the computer version when people have played it. The 2nd and 3rd game had them so I'm just wondering why the 4th one on mobile doesn't. I'll give 5 stars when I see the mini games. I know it'll be more difficult to fix the mobile version so I hope you can fix it eventually. Overall it's the best and my favorite of the series, definitely better than the 3rd one. I like that it has a good horror theme even on the game menu, great work!!!! you've created a wonderful game series over the year.
What I HAVE been able to play, I LOVE! However, the game stops on me constantly. I have an Acer Iconia. Interestingly enough, it appears to work better on an OLDER Acer Iconia I have, which is now my son's. I tried stopping all other apps on my tablet while playing to see if that would help, but it didn't. Pleeeease fix this issue! I want to keep playing, because so far it seems awesome, but I can't go any further in the game without it shutting down.  Definitely 5 stars once this issue is resolved.
This is my most favorite game and out of all FNaF games I've played this is one is the scariest. I hope that Sister Location is even scarier I can't wait till FNaF5 (Sister Location ) comes out. I hope this scary file never ends! Keep it up! Also can you please add Explosive Foxy to FNAF World?!
I love this game but every time I try beating night 6, it keeps crashing, so Scott please fix and I will rate 5 stars. (Some information about it may be wrong. IDK) I also love the fnaf series. They are fun, challenging, and great! Thank you Scott for making this! Can't wait for sister location! I love 5 nights at freddy's! :)
This game is in my opinion the scariest of the bunch well done Scott! This series has brought so many fans to bring speculation. Scott has always been very clever with his little hints. I can't wait until the Halloween dlc. I will miss all of the mysteries and Easter eggs thanks again Scott for this series. And are we going going to see a Halloween update for android at all? Just curious because it's way past halloween November 16th to be exact. I know I'm not the only one looking for it.
After playing it a little more and watching game plays I learned how to survive to 6 AM. I love the thrills and feeling of should I do this, like everytime I go to the door if the flashlight will save me or lead me to my death. I am already on night 5 and I heard that's when Fredbear appears. That's going to be fun!
I have got all the FNAF games,  1-4 and I have to say that Scott, you have out done yourself. The game mechanics are amazing, the animations look 3D and smooth. The jumpscares are incredible, petrifying and sometimes unexpected. I mean the CUPCAKE!!! The cupcake Jumpscares you! One thing that could be improved is probably the breathing. You have revealed *SPOILER* who was the culprit of the bite of '87! Scott Cawthon, thank you so much for creating one of the best games series I have ever played. THANKS!!!
I've been playing the five nights at Freddys franchise for a while now and I love it. Thought most of the games on android keep crashing. In most like 4 and 2 I haven't even made it past night 2. As I said before I love the franchises and would love to keep playing so I ask if you can release an update with crashing patches. If that is possible.
I like playing the game itself, but... The toss-up puzzles haven't changed in 4 years. I just tried to play random opponent for the first time and it always says "waiting for other players to respond to this question", and never continues. It would be fun to play against real people, since the computer is so easy to beat. Fix it pleeeeeeeeeeeease.
I paid money for this game but it still runs in the background, sending out 2 annoying notifications per day!  Can't turn that off without uninstalling the game.  There are better free ones that won't run in the background and sent notifications all day long.
Puzzles repeat before basic themes completed. Interference from mpoints and having to buy more puzzles makes this a big waste of up front money.  Too much dialogue for Sajak. You lose your turn when He does final spin. Decent graphics but aggravating otherwise.
I don't know if it's just me but the AI is super stupid. I've solved the last 17 puzzles and sometimes on the last letter after both AIs choose a letter that made no sense. Also, the prizes are stale. Make it more challenging to where the AI isn't only winning toss ups.
You CANNOT chime in on the toss up puzzles, there is NO OPTION to!!! The computer ALWAYS gets it because you DO NOT have the option to chime in and answer!!! The avatar DOES NOT save, a different mode plays instead of what you selected. There is NOTHING you can really do in the app!!! This is pure and utter junk. There is NO OPTION for refund because it downloads "extra data" taking longer than the refund period. A scam if I ever heard one
It's a waste of time and money. Once you complete all the levels/earn all 5 stars then it want give you a new quest. The boring game then want you to buy another game from the makers of wheel of fortune. It's really not worth 1 star.
Glitchy. Sometimes it is not in sync with television and puzzles repeat. Characters' heads are in front of puzzle on phone. No Vanna and no talking characters... not even wisecracks from Pat! That said, there's a lot to like. Fix issues and I'll give it 5 stars.
Lots of fun!  Just like the real game show. Only problem was one time a message hung up on bottom of screen, had to exit out but didn't get to resume that same game.  It only happened once so far.  Love this game!!!
This is a good fun and addictive game but I have been noticing since I have started playing this game that they make the winnings that you are supposed to win up to 100 times less that you are supposed to. I have done the numbers on a lot of my winnings and just 5 mins ago I had my bet at 900k, the game has 20 lines and the bet is 45000 per line and the line pays 600 x the bet per line for matching 5 so it is 600x45000 and the winnings for this is 27,000,000 million credits but they only gave me 7 million credits. This is happening on every game no matter what machine I play on, now the one thing that really is worse is that when you get the bonus they take the winning and give you 1/6th of what you are really supposed to win. The higher you bet in this game the lower you win. This game is set up to get you to pay for credits that they will make you loose in a matter of minutes.
I have been playing for about a month, and so far, I keep playing with the 300k chips per 2 hours and can't win. Every time I run out, it asks me to buy. I might if it were more fun and I could win every once in a great while.
So Iam changing my review...its seems more recently that the payouts are getting a lil better then what they were. We are just asking for our bet amounts to match the payouts especially when weve paid for coins or saved them up for a long time. Keep up the good work!
This game freezes up to much. During game play. Great internet connection and game still does it. It sucks because during a bonus you lose out. Wish the problem could be fixed. Also the more you bet it seems like you get no good payouts.
300 spins with no bonus! Crap! When you do get a bonus the pays are not consistent with your bet. You can get really good pays with a lower bet on a bonus. For example, when you get a bonus at a bet of $45000 you can win huge, like up to$100,000,000. But when I get a bonus while betting $9,000,000 I can get the same symbols as the previous $45,000 bonus and it will pay less than 1 million. Complete bullshit!
I really liked the game a lot until I realized that the developer must use a different form of calculation than I'm familiar with. When I last collected my bonus (300,000) then entered Excalibur before choosing a machine my coin balance showed only 279,000 and I had 4,500 left from earlier. So does it cost to enter a casino or is this the new math? I feel cheated.
Winning is rare. Winning big even more so. For a free game who's purpose is to earn promos for Las Vegas, I'd expect to win and earn much more often. Therefore encouraging a trip to Vegas. U can easily spend much more $ on this game earning the promos. Kinda defeats the purpose of the app...
Ive been playing for nearly a month, day one. Have some winning streaks, but WATCH- OUT when you'reon a LOOSING STREAK!!! Iwatched a player win 1.2 BILLION TODAY on my bonus spin, I only won 2million if that!!!! I couldnt win crap!!! She kept winning hundredsof millions!!!! I WAS SO MAD THAT I UNINSTALLED IT....BUT HERE I AM AGAIN TRYONG TO WIN......IT IS THE MOST EXCITING FREE SLOT GAME, I SWEAR!!! ITS THE BEST!!!
The winnings suck. Don't make the mistake I did and put real money into this game. Would get 5 stars if the winnings were better. Bet 4,500,000 per spin just to get 20, 000 in like 20 spins. But i guess all the bad reviews don't matter to them because they don't respond to any of them and they don't make any changes to make their customers happy. Very sad people. Now every time i log in half of my coins are gone. Please please do something.
Really great game. It's unlike any other "defense" games I've ever played. The level of customization is so high, you could play this game dozens of times and not get bored
Amazing, I usually don't enjoy mobile gaming but this is just too good to not play! Also creator I like how you support this game a lot thanks
Pretty neat little gem,  so far so good,  seems like a nice game that would progress and carry on giving rather than plateuing and dropping off in terms of unlocks and masteries etc.
The cost of items in the rebirth store is wayy to high, considering that upgrades increase in cost so quickly.
Incredibly Fun! A great game to play,put down and play again. The mechanics are smooth and the leveling system for everything is simple and makes for a very rewarding experience.
Great fun game, wish there was more of a guide in beginning but it's pretty easy to figure out
I didn't expect a game quite this good when I have this a try
Game plays really well. It does get to be a bit of a grind but I figured that it would be with this style of game. The developer is very active which is nice.
I hate this game I was reaching my goal to level 18 then I was level 17 after I go back to level 10!!!!!!  I Hate It!!!!
It's a good game but it should give us the option to update the app when it needs to be updated
It is little bit hard it is little bit had to drop for the touching and scratching the screen it is little bit hard to scratch the screen with the nails sorry fingers it is very painful
This game is so cool you should get it I mean who wouldn't get fruit ninja it is really at true game😘
The thing I like is that you get to cut fruit and I like fruit alot 😋😊.
Good games.. i very enjoy it.. tapi selalu heng setiap kali mau exit permainan.. selalu not responding
It's the most best game ever. I've never uninstall this game because it's so addictive. Loved it, loved it, LOVED IT!!!
I am a huge fan of Jurassic World and I bought the PC version of this Lego game on day one. Sadly, the mobile one is a cut-down version that has way less missions and features. Even the music is different. However, it falls short only when compared to its computer and console counterparts. As a mobile game, it's really good and entertaining.
The only thing holding this back from a 5 star review is the fact that it seems best suited for a game console. I've played Lego Star Wars, Harry Potter, and Indiana Jones on my DSi, and the controls are much better, though these ones aren't terrible. That being said, this game is awesome. The storyline is fun, and seems that it took audio straight from the films. One other negative is battery consumption. So, if you have a console, buy it for that, if not, it's only $5, paid with my Google play credits.
Not bad everything went smoothly on my s7 active and took bout 2 days to play maybe  longer or shorter for others. Only bad thing is jumping was hard and I completed it but didn't get my Stephen Spielberg or I didn't something wrong . Other than that that love lego games this was fun!!! Hint Spoiler Alert ......tap the dinosaur mouth on the chase episodes when he screams and find 3 rats in the kitchen by tapping the carts. Good Luck !!
I was sceptical about the mobile version of this game but it runs amazing on my HTC One M9 no lag no problems and I completed all 4 games without any problems, if you have a new Android with decent specs you should have no problem running this game. I would love to see a Lego Star Wars the force awakens mobile port too! "Edit" the force awakens port is amazing too! Runs great!
In my opinion, this is the best of both worlds. My son is 4 and some of the games were too simple for his age, some were too difficult.  Finally this! It's fun and it's not too easy yet not too hard at all it's in my opinion a great game that has depth with so many levels to play. I actually really like playing this w him.
As a fan of Lego and the Jurassic Park series, i beleive all reviews saying this game is bad are incorrect or ignorent. This game is almost perfect, the ONLY bad things ive run into is ONE glitch and that it can be difficult to control on phones. Best results on tablets!
Terible disapointing it wont work the second  u press it just ses "unfourtinetly lego jurrasic world has stoped" so so so anoying i havent even played it yet! I was really looking foward to it becuase i really really love the film aaarrrrrh so not fair pls update. Dont get this game u will just be dissapointed trust  me absoulutly terrible! Plus takes 3 hours to install
Should have listened to reviews, LG G3 with plenty of free space. Have tried downloading 3 times (3 hours). After "99%" completion it disappears as though I had never started the download. Although I'm sure the game is good, it would seem the android version is not and not worth the $5.
The game is great. Challenging when it needs to be too. 100% Completion and all Google Play Games achievement. Oh, and those complaining about the game not working… Get a better phone or tablet as it's obvious that you are running a very rubbish low end device.
I really only downloaded this app to her free  gold in adventure capitalist. Didn't realize it was a funner game then there's.  Decided to keep this game and delete the old one
Simple yet fun!!! You'll find yourself addicted. Tap tap tap. All day long.
Really slow game, and it gets rather repetitive with little content after a couple of days. And again : really slow 5 min a day game.
Very addicting. Countless hours of tapping.  Wish you could have more than 3 advisors at once. Need to be able to setup ula custom advisor list for easier switching. Scrolling between levels could use some fine tuning but I'll play it regardless
The buildings arnt giving me money and its ses 28 days above them wye is this happening you need to fix this glich
I love the fast paced gameplay mechanics of this game,  it brings a fun quick time killing game,  that is very player inclusive. My favorite part of this game is the bizbots,  it makes it so much funner. Overall "Taps to Riches"  Gameplay: 5/5 Fun level: 5/5 Player friendly: 5/5 - Soulfire Gaming
Boring .. all I can do is wait, or click, or buy expensive gems, which doesn't make any sense in such boring game.
It is fun but my game is kinda glitched out right now instead of saying the mins. Its saying 19 YEARS
Great graphics and fun fish - do not like number of move restriction but greatly appreciate the new update with more opportunity to gain additional coins/jewels-would still like to have the option of using bombs during the game instead of only having the option to do so before game begins
Update: some improvements make the game more fun. First: to wait for lifes so I play very little. Some levels are way more frustrating then fun. Make it easy to put down the game and not come back for a long while.
Way more fun than other games of this type, however,  I don't like being limited to how much I play come on stop this when I finally get a chance to play I don't want to be forced to purchase lives there are some of us who don't have an unlimited income in addition when there is a special holiday game it would be nice to have opportunities to win extended game play so if you are trying to save up for one of the special prizes you have a better chance
Love playing this game but a bit disappointed with the new points matching stars its not corresponding. Told me i needed so many points to collect a star when i reached that amount and more  i  then used the points but it tells me i still need more to get the same star. Other than that its a great game.
I love the fish and look forward to their comments. I would like to be able to move my fish between tanks. Also, an indicator of what I have bought so I can avoid repeating or looking through all my tanks. Thanks for the game
But many levels don't need skill, they only need luck (or an exorbitant amount of money for extra moves or extra bombs). The recent changes mean that after you get 4 tanks in a group, the tanks never need to be accessed again. Very unrealistic.
This game is very fun very addictive but they make some of the puzzles where you have to pay money to beat them. I do not like being forced into paying just to continue playing a game.
Please dont required to update frequently, sometimes I am boring to update and choose or install other games, although in finally i will go back to this game. Overall I like this game, its funny. I love it, I think I won't ever uninstall this game.. thanks a lot..
Older version was better when could watch an ad to gain a gem  and could feed the fish in all of my aquariums. Now I have to wait so long for a new life I get bored & play another game. Still love Fishdom.
Found a small bug. When you do your last flip on any level, the prompt for continuing to the next level comes up, disabling the replay button so you never get to replay your last flip which is usually the gnarliest one. I also think game play would be better if the chance of each challenge had it's own number of tries rather than a single amount for the entire level. You could even implement this by something like 1 try for the easiest and 3 for the toughest. Sweet game and hilarious at times. Thanks.
I have always been a fan of ragdoll games because their simplicity and lack of boundaries. This game is the perfect blend of both and it makes for many hours of continuous laughter. Games rarely make me laugh. It's challenging but not impossible and the replay value for such an inexpensive game is great! I would recommend at least trying out the demo.
This game could be an instant classic, because the gameplay is absolutely amazing. But there are several things holding it back: Cheap looking graphics, too slow camera movement, a very limited xp system that stops on lvl 5 and too few stages. I would like to see an improved version addressing these issues and allowing user-generated content such as a level editor and custom skins on the protagonist.
We want more! Great app! To those who find the game difficult, practice landing the double back flip in the later levels(5&up) while in free play to make it easy. Also, for the long leaps,  delay your timing on the second tap on the high or longand you'll master the game! The lunar mode is awesome!
Love this game so much! I can't seem to get enough of it, but I have one problem... when I play the Country 1 level, on the last jump, my guy leans forward and not backward. So when I jump, Im jumping away from the target area and not toward it. I actually end up doing a front flip. Please fix. Other than that, wonderful game!
To beat all levels in story mode you have to successfully do a backflip into the coned area. You have three lives. Every time you fail you lose a life. When you land it you will be teleported to a harder jumping area. It may take a while (and some practice) but you should be able to nail it. Have fun.
I just installed this app yesterday and I just can't quit playing it! I'm so bad at it but it's so fun! It's like a combination of QWOP and Happy Wheels but without the frustration and gore. This app is one of the best ones I've ever bought. If you're hesitant about this app, then start with the free one and get addicted from there!
The only thing I would really like is more levels. There's lots of things you could do and I like how you can move things around after you fail on free play but it gets a little boring playing the same levels over again. Also its cool that you can change into a ninja in options, though I'd like to see new costumes and maybe some new types of flips
When the multiple payment comes it dose not give you enough to play with .I have to collect for days then I can only spin about 5 times.i love the game just need more money to play with. Cash ma please make the hourly bonus bigger so that we can play more .We spend more time.e collecting bonus instead of playing ...Ian sitting here waiting on a bonus in order to spend one time an repeat the same process again
Not nearly as good as Heart of Vegas, but better than most casino\slot games
Shittest game ever! Only wants you to spend  for coins all the time.
i love this app cashman casino ,its just a shame that when i have downloaded this app to play on m laptop i can not get this to play  can any one help i have this app on my phone ,i have windows 10 but still will load help
I LOVE "CASHMAN" BONUSES...INSTANT REWARDS EVERY 15MINUTES...GREAT SLOTS...WHAT ARE YOU WAITING ON???
This game doesn't give you enough coins
Want to have fun start playing these games Good luck everyone 😊
Just loved it it took a while but now I play each day
It's not giving me all the chips that I win. Example. The last game I played before writing this. I had 3 300 000 chips. Played a game with 1 million and walked out with 1 200 000 chips. So that's 200 000 more chips than when I started right? But when I looked at my total chips it was still 3 300 000 chips. Only like 40 000 chips more than what i previously had. This is not the first time I faced this problem.
This game brings excitement and enjoyment all year round. I liked it when there was more green colour scheme and when there was more adult type gifts. But the machanics are all there... Always tip the dealer! You wouldn't win all that money in real life and not tip the dealer for the amazing cards
Hands seem to be setup to give excitement. As if each hand is predetermined. For example if you get a pocket pair 9/10 times others do too. I get it seems like more fun. But that's not poker. And sit&go rewards are a fraction of the amount everyone buys in with. I can bet those extra chips are routed directly to the chips that you would pay money for.
The best online poker on the planet. Just a small problem: When you have high amount of chips it can be tricky to raise small amounts using 10 times the plus control for example. It would be more convenient to add 10x big blind in controls for example.
They banned my acc after long playing period and chips buying.. Really for no reason n refused to reinstate it.. This kinda game we can find easily.. Just dun understand why they take it too personal.. Hey Zynga this is just a game! Let us have fun!
So I've been playing this on and off for years now, first on PC and now on phone. And recently picked it up again. Maybe a couple of weeks ago, I was at a 20k/40k table, or maybe it was 40k/80k. I was doing well, had about 4m from initial buy in of 800k. Then a bad run and went down to 2.5m. I was pretty sure that I had about 400k chips aside from the 800 I had used to buy in. Anyway, I lost a hand where I went all in with the 2.5m and found that the 400k I remembered left, had gone. Just happened again.wtf
WAY TO MANY BAD BEATS! HANDS ARE RIGGED! I have never been beat by 7/2 off suit with pocket AA so many times in my life! Seriously don't waste your time or God forbid money!! One star and I wish I could give less. Straight trash...
It's fun game to play but a few things I have noticed. Like selected seat that win regularly over the other seats on every table. No matter the hand. It's very obvious. App should remove the buy chips ad. Also why is it that on my friends account he has the option to view videos for more chip and mine does not have that seem a bit unfair as well
Takes a WHILE to load and on top of waaay too many ads enTIRELY too often it locks/crashes CONstantly! Otherwise, great... Updated version VASTLY improved (Google Phone helps) Spend a little to get rid of ads and it becomes a viable way to pass the time!!!😎
It needed some improvements, but the update just tried to make it fancy. It would've been appreciated if you just made it work. Now it's slow as well as glitchy. And WTF is going on with the scratchies? If you didn't want to pay out on them any more, you should've just got rid of them. What a flop of an update...
Does anybody ever win more than 4 bonus rolls? Just had 8 scratchers and not one was a winner...WOW! I would have been thrilled to have won 1 bonus roll. Has anyone ever won 100 or 200 bonus rolls...or is it a scam? I enjoy the game that is the only reason I still play.
I really enjoyed this game. So much so that bought the "ad free" version. Except every time I open the game to play it an ad pops up. The game wasn't cheap, yet I still get ads. Can someone explain that? Because if it's truly "ad free" then I'd rate it 5 stars. I don't like having ads when I paid to have them removed.
I Love this game but i think it has TOO much going on. The game is so slow now ive even thought of removing it, but i love playing it :(  1 of my friends deleted it because it was slowing his phone down. Maybe not so many challenges or dms levels would speed it up. I'll give a 5 star when it doesnt take forever.
I love this game. I play it to pass time. But recently I downloaded the update and I'm having way more problems that i never had before with this app. It crashes constantly and freezes on me mid game. My friend who also plays has similar problems with the app on her tablet so i know it's not just my phone. Can these issues be fixed?
The UI needs to go back to the drawing board. It's horrible and borderline unusable after the latest update. This is unfortunate because the game itself is really fun! Also, paid to remove ads, but I still have to close 2-3 ads for bonus rolls every time I open the game. Ridiculous!
It is very addictive. The only reason for 3 stars is because you can't upload pics to your profile, just get the white screen. Also, the dice I win are somewhere in limbo. When this gets fixed, I'll definitely change my rating from 3 to 5 stars... 10 if I could!
Love the game and live action. I play at least a little every day. You can progress and grow strong strategically with no cash, but spending does give you an edge. 6 months in and I am already battling with veterans and holding my ground well.  New battle arenas, upgrades, and weapons please! Plenty of opportunity for game development, get'er'done!
By far the best version of a handheld Mechassualt.  If your a fan of giant robots of death then you gotta try WWR. It will feel a bit slow at the start but that's just so you get used to the style of play.  Updates just keep getting better n better :-D Thank you guys My gamer tag is Soul
Doesn't really require money to play the game, although it helps to spend a little. What i would like to see change is longer Battle times or No Time Limit at all.  Workshop Table of Contents would be helpful to know what level i need to achieve to obtain new weapons and robots. New Maps with Built in Bunkers For Robots. Playing the same maps get old but it's still a real fun shooter Game.
What used to be a game I could not put down has been reduced to a total disappointment.  Big changes in the last update, matchmaking is a total mess right now. Bots and weapons you purchased have been reduced to useless.  They have changed the game to a pay to win. I used to brag this game up every chance I got. Very disappointed in the customer service and their cut and paste responses. New players beware, this game has been turned into a money sink.
Game was great until pixonic bought it. Now it's all about the money they can make. Matchmaking is atrocious and the gold bots we paid for in the past have been rendered useless. Classic bait and switch to sell their new line of bots. People bought the new bots and they were nerfed as well to promote another new line of bots. Generic responses to problems with game play and rampant cheaters without any resolutions. Should change the name to wallet warriors. So disappointed in what used to be a fabulous game.
Something needs to be done with team distribution. I loved this game at the start. For a long while, I held a  65%+ win avg. Now, I haven't been placed on a winning team in the last 9 days. My avg has dropped to 38%. It seems the higher percentile players get placed together more frequently. I used to spend money in support of the game, but that will no longer happen until this is fixed. I've never seen such poor diversity in this game since I started it 3 months ago. Otherwise, I think the game play is terrific and love the graphics. You can still build up your robots without needing to spend real money. A nice change to some other games I've played.
I've played tons of of mobile games and very few were able to keep me enertained such as this. The controls are sweet and simple. The graphics are ps2 quality with no lag as long as you have adequate WiFi or data available. The gameplay is pretty intense to say the least, fairly entertaining and competitive. The only downside I would have to be the pay to win players who have 5 mechs armed with overpowered weapons, although they lack skill so it's fairly easy to beat them haha. Overall 5 stars and I recommend this for everyone. Good job devs!
Awesome game, really. You guys really outdid yourselves. Much better than your other games. You could, however, make both genders for each class and allow customization of characters. Also, after logging in for the second time on my google account, it directed me to the creation of a new character. I.e. My original account was lost. Bug, maybe? I don't really mind it, but I'm sure others will. The wrathwings, mounts, and BR system are very unique. I love that we're able to obtain jewels easily. But funny thing is, I don't have enough gold now 😂. Keep up the good work! Hope to see more enjoyable games from you in future!
So far I'm enjoying the game. The quest and the mechanics of the game are somewhat easy. The auto battle also helps with farming, although not so useful for later boss battles. You can opt for a better reward by purchasing in app items. Although very straightforward, you can still have lots of fun time due nice graphics and smooth movements - but it still depends on your device though. Keep it up!
This game is very addictive trying to collect everything that looks cool the dev care about server downtime. This is the first game i have seen to reward/compensate u for them having server downtime. The one thing I have a complaint about is where the chat box is would have like it in the top left so I can see what my guild is talking about when I am playing.
Legacy of discord: Furious wallets. All the top players in my server are pay to win (vip 14, which is like 6 grand poured into the game) Luckily most of the game is pve based so its definitely still enjoyable, just be careful because micro transactions are so tempting
Okay first I need to know if you guys are going to see this. My only problem is connection it says I don't have internet access when I have a full freaking bars on my Wi-Fi tab. Is there any way y'all can fix this?
It great and i love it. But i accidently press switch server and when i change to my server back it became restart from the start when we need to choose character. I have my twitter and qtarcade acc link to my game and i tried to connect with these acc but it will never work. Please how can i get my game back. Im now at level 80, it will be such a waste to restart it again. I might uninstall it if it didnt work anymore
Very rewarding game. Super easy to play while still entertaining in terms of graphics and story line. For some it might at first seem like there's a lot going on, but it's a really simple set up. I love it! I've found similar PC and consol games which were way more difficult to use
The game is awesome but for some reason I can only play it using wi-fi. I have unlimited data and dont see why I can't use my mobile network to play the game. It just keeps telling me "unable to connect" and I know it's not my signal because I have a full signal every time I have tried to connect. Please fix
Hi i really like this game also my friends and brothers but can you put some party? Helping each other for quest and other activities will give as such a great honor. We really hate playing alone, playing alone in a way that we can read other messages worldwide we can pm our friends but we can't even invite them in our party. And also can you merge HKT- 66 server for more players because even the town looks like a ghost town no other players around. Thank u please notice me.
Very fun and challenging. Some levels are seriously harder than the actual hard levels. Love beating the crap outta the wicked witch in her game. This game has become my fav and the one I play more than the others in my phone. Only slow down is if you set off too many power-ups at once, the screen slows down and sometimes won't recover and I have to exit the game but overall I absolutely love this game!! Good job!!!
Was a great game until last update. Lots of glitches now. Won't show all the right bubbles etc. I am very disappointed. Not sure if I will keep it or uninstall
Love the game so much but it angers me because half the time I can't play it. Constantly glitches and freezes. Even with the new update!  Figure your stuff out Zynga
The game is fun and addicting. Too bad they charge you for everything. Could end up costing you hundreds of dollars if you want to play through and not have to redo every level several times before it decides it will let you win and move on.
Living next to Kansas, and having A houseful of brother & sisters as well as dozens of adopted & foster brothers & sisters, The Wizard of Oz was heard and read  enough that we could repeat verbatim. Love the game also. Thank you for the game.,
It has been freezing up and I have to reboot my tablet. I logged out of Facebook and it didn't save my progress. I was on level 45 before  and it put me on level 2 when I logged back in. 😭😩. With all the cute graphics and the music it takes me back to my childhood the whole time while I'm playing. I sure don't like  that it's making me start all over. Will give 5 stars when it's not freezing up.
Really enjoying the game, have it on my phone and tablet, got all the way to level 320. The app on my phone sent me back to the beginning.  Not fun after you've gotten so far. I also lost all my stuff. Ugh.
Great game if your into the poke/digi  mon kinda games! Has me hooked! My kids and wife are enjoying it to!
Let me just say, this game isn't as bad as I'd imagined. It blew my mind!!! 😸
Just like Pokémon!!!! But even better!!! I'm at the last world and I know this part of the game takes the longest, it'd definitely challenging  and worth it!!! Would love to see new world's added.  I have been working on the online story mode. Quite impressive  I believe I am 45 hours into the game and I've played it over a 6months now!
The game is crap everything is hard to get gems to get stronger mosters are hard to get and in online its even worse because the hole point of leveling up is to gain tickects and more but even when u level up u still dont gain any tickets i was hero rank 22 and for the last 3 level ups i only gained 1 extra ticket to my max amount
Ugly monsters, Ugly characters, ugly battle system. please, i want my money back
Really love it!! Its litterally no need money to win
Somehow got banned within the first 3 minutes but now I have a new phone
Playing this on a Pixel C and  the app crashes and I loose my progress. Has happened 3 times in only two hours of playing. Frustrating to loose your progress when it happens. APP KEEPS CRASHING. Was kinda stable for a while, crashing a lot again. Stability is getting worse, cant complete one battle now without it crashing. Just crashed on the saving menu as I went to save, fail.
Fix the crashing issue and I might actually be enclined to play it... Irritated that I bought it and I can't play more than a few minutes at a time before it crashes. More so since I bought it for both my mother and I and it crashes on both of us on two different devices. Would be nice to have a battery-saver option, too. This thing is a battery killer. Even when charged, it only maintains, the battery doesn't gain a charge when plugged in and playing.
Great classic game.  Very well done port.  Some controls feel clunky, but no crashes or issues.  Very happy to get this on sale.  I've actually been wanting to buy it for some time to have on my phone, but didn't want to pay so much for a game I could just emulate.
Its pretty cool to play on mobile devices but its the animation that bugs me. I know theres the slowdown problem back in psp and its mostly better here but my issue is the SPEED UPs. The animations moves too fast too often. Couple this with the slowdown, it makes it inconsistent and plain BAD. Go play it on psp with the slowdown patch. Its better there.
I had a great time playing it on the ps1. So I bought it here, but every attempt to download and play it causes it to crash before I even get to the title screen. If I can ever play the game I purchased I'll give it a higher score. It says Mount data file failed. Please reboot your unit and restart your application. I have more than 2 gigs of free space on my Z797c. What is going wrong?
This was one of my absolute favorite games growing up! I spent way more time on this than any of my old play station games. My issue is that it will repeatedly freeze/turn off with no warning. It's super frustrating when the battles take as long as they do... just when you think you are finished... Boom. Turns off. 5 star if issue gets resolved. Playing on a nexus 6.
Can you guys PLEASE add an interim save option in the middle of battle? Too often when I am trying to play I lose the progress of battle because it black screens when I am trying to restore play. It would be nice to play a bit during my breaks and still be able to finish the battles after work. Othet than that, it is awesome.
Final Fantasy Tactics is one of my favorite games from the psone era, and I have been waiting for the android version for a long time. The game looks great but is not full screen (lacking immersive mode). Controls are not too bad but could be better, plus no controller support. Sound is hideous, really choppy and most of the time the timing is off. It feels like a poorly emulated game and considering that the ios and japanese android versions have been available for years, it's really unacceptable.
Hey square enix we all bought the game just like our iOS counterparts. So why are we treated differently? Why does the iOS version have cloud saves and this does not? So we are to spend so much cash and then be left out?? I hope everyone who reads this realize that square enix treats us like s***t compared to our iOS brethren
I love all the games! And, I understand if u need to take a break Scott. I love all your games, have all them and just, yeah. I don't know if you really are making a fourth one, I think it would be cool, but that's my opinion. Anyway, just relax and play your games! Thanks for all of the awesomeness! BTW, people are complaining about the purple lines, I think it makes the game more prettier! :-) BTW, love the new update! :-)
This game FNAF1,2 and 3 is the scariest and the best,if you play this game you will learn to have no fear. My fearness is gone because I played this game.so that's why I gave Scott five Ultra Ultimate Mega stars                               but the problem is about A LOT OF MB
I really like how its creepy but there are bugs that need to be fixed. When I see spring trap sometimes he is far away from me. But then I get jump scared by him. Its like there's two of them! I know its not an easter egg because two spring traps would just be lame.
I love games by scott cawthon. And I think this one is the best one he has made so far, but springtrap doesnt even give you a chance. My ventilation was freaking out and springtrap was at my door what was I supposed to do!?
The title says everything. We need the Halloween update for the mobile games; Sure I only have the full version of 1, 2, and 3, (My 4 is the demo, don't have any more money...) But everyone needs the Halloween update. Ignore this if you're just working on it, and in that case, I've wasted my time.
But its too hard. Springtrap will be at cam 9, then a system will go out. I repair it, and I lost Springtrap. Not in the vents, not in any cameras at all. Then a minute later, he will jumpscare me. Also, there is a glitch, say phantom Freddy will jumpscare me, and I can't find Springtrap, phantom Freddy will jumpscare me, but also I think Springtrap jumpscares me at the same time, but I can't see if its true.
Great game. It's awesome. I like how you need to keep track of systems, as well as springtrap. What makes it even better is you can see certain characters move in the halls. The first time I saw springtrap run by my window, I was terrified. I didn't know who or what it was. Great game, I'm never uninstalling it.
Drastic improvement to the last version. Now it runs much smoother and the picture is even crisp clear!! This is the only FNAF game port on android that comes ridiculously close to the PC version!! This FNAF has everything, its addicting, scary, fun, and it even has a back story to it that would Leave players shocked and curious to puzzle the story together!! I've beat FNAF 3 more than 5 times on the PC and about 7 times on android!! Keep it up Scott I believe in you. We will give you all the time you need to create and polish FNAF 4. Its not about the time to create it, its about the quality and how good it becomes in the end. I'm here to support you Scott to keep the Fazbear Entertainment going!! :D
Ok does crash every now and again. But a very good port. If you have probs with sound on SGS2 delete directory /mnt/sdcard/Android/data/com.rockstar.gta3/files and re-download again. Some cfg files in the data directory you can also tweak... Sweet :) NB: Make backups! And of course this is at your own risk!
Almost the same as the original. I can't get the taxi glitch to work where you use any car for a taxi. The car crusher glitch only works for me when I'm on the first mission. Get Misty in the front seat and then use the glitch. Don't exit the car, drive Misty back, then you can drive through the northern tunnel and save on the other islands. There is a boat at the end of the airport runway when you are ready to go back to the first island.
Trust me, this is my favorite GTA and I love how the game handles. Real smooth and fun to play. The only problem is that, for some reason, the save menu and the regular menus are messed up. The text and buttons are gone, which prevents me from manually saving the game, and I can't interact with the menu to brighten the screen and stuff. I never had this problem in previous versions and updates. Please fix.
After a few days of playing it,  I found that there isn't a way to shoot the right person(or at least I don't know how). The driving is the most fun for me but unlike more recent gtas, if your car is upside down, it will explode and there's nothing you can do about that. (I also use analogue staering)
Its compatible with the steelseries Free controller, but you have to press on the screen to honk the horn or if you want to do a special quest type of thing if you drive a taxi or police. Fix it so you can look and move at the same time, fix it so you can switch weapons, fix it so you can drive properly, fix everything! It would be nice to at least see some customization of your controller. 😒
To me,  this game has more of an aroma to it than the other ones. Love it!! Some of the missions are difficult like the ones where you have to pick up three different signature gang vehicles and then the one to knock down all the Columbian Cartel drug stands. Enjoy.
Not only one of the best games on android, also one of the best games ever made in my opinion. Just make sure your phone can play it without too much lag. Not encountered any problems with it (save for the on screen touch controls which are unavoidable unless you have a phone controller) but if that bothers you just get it on PC, so worth it.
People need to stop leaving negative reviews just beause theu dislike Rockstar Games or their device isn't powerful enough. Have you ever thought of doing some research first?
All you do is drive to a mission, then you go through some drive by's, then you drive to another one, and go through some more drive by's, then yet ANOTHER one, then you go thr- UUGH!! You know, it has boring written all over the place. Messier than a Five Guys burger place, like seriously you really could have done better than this.  *Groans seemingly continue forever.
Greatest golf game on mobile devices bar none. Absolutely love this game,  I'm so addicted!!!! My only complaint is MATCH MAKING.  LOOK I THINK IF ALL NEED TO INCREASE THE CHEST REWARDS DRASTICALLY.  ALSO IF YOU HAVE MORE 200 TROPHIES YOU SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO  PLAY IN BEGINNERS Tour...  I'm just got matched with someone with 162 trophies and I have 20 freaking seriously.....  I have a  screen shot of me playing a 160 trophy person and I have just 20....MATCH MAKING NEEDS MAJOR MAJOR MAJOR MAJOR WORK
This game was plagued with connection issues whice cause you to lose coins. The update made it far worse now it disconnects and reconnects so many times during the match that you have to re-take the same shot over and over. I will never Download anything from this dev ever again
Surprisingly excellent game. Simple to play and fun. Doesn't follow 100% of golf rules but still quite enjoyable. I wish there was a single player mode or a practice mode just to fool around with when you don't have service but it gets a 5 star rating from me.
The game's matchmaking is absolutely terrible.  Anytime I finally win enough coins to go to the next area I am matched up with a player 10x higher than I am.  With all upgraded clubs etc etc.. I have no chance.  It is a fun game.  That being said, I do not like the "pay to win" structure.   I don't mind spending money on games but will not be forced to because I cannot win.  Hopefully some updates can tweak the matchmaking and make the game more enjoyable for people who do not want to spend a fortune.
I'm re submitting my review because of the canned response about how they're trying to make this game better. It's a fun game, but the matchmaking SUCKS!  I'm sitting in the second lowest game mode with 50 trophies and getting matched up with people holding 200+ trophies. These are people talking advantage of the garbage matchmaking to play against weaker players because they can't hack playing against people their own level. 1 star until matching is fixed.
Very addictive game I absolutely love it. Only downfall is it will never let youbreconnect to a game even if you freeze up and reload app so you lose all your coins. Is there ever going to be a place to play tournaments like it says? and one last thing. Contrary to popular belief not everyone has a facebook so you should be able to link to Gmail account.
This is a great game and I love to play it. But for some reason I feel that some player are cheating. I think some of the players have a way to making it look like you've lost connection and then you go out of the game and your coins are gone  because they have taking them. I was also playong a game and at the end right before i was about to win, the guy i was playing somehow made it look like i had to take the putt, and it made me run out of time because i didnt know what was going on, this needs to be looked into. Kinda pisses me off.
Firstly, the download, for me, was hassle free onto an S7 Edge.      The download is 2.46 gb so make sure you have plently of storage on your device and a good wifi signal !  For those not familiar with  Assassins Creed think "The Matrix" set in Italy in the time if Da Vinci. The game looks and sounds authentic and the gameplay is of course a much simplified version of console gameplay but nicely done, the parkour is great.                  A throwback to the original Assassins Creed game.
I refuse to spend any more money on a game in which I can only use my account on one device, we all know that phones break, get lost or sold and if I've spent hundreds of dollars on this game and my phone breaks, guess what, I just wasted hundreds of dollars. I want to be able to take my game data to another device if needed please
I enjoy that this game takes care of a lot of the mundane tasks for you.  You don't need to manage your inventory, and there are a lot of way points to use on the map which cuts down walking time.  All that leaves you with more time to actually enjoy the quests and gameplay.  The playtime of this game was a lot longer than I expected.  It was also challenging at times, but never in a frustrating way.
All three of the games in this series are absolutely worth playing.  They are the best escape the room games I've played for Android.  They have the best graphics, controls and consistency of theme.  If you're going to play this one though, I should warn you that you need to either space your play time out or  put 5 hours aside to finish the game in total.  Maybe even more.  I think my brain is melting out of my ears.
Great app when used with a controller! It takes a little bit of technical knowledge to set up but after that it's so good! Just a time saver- don't download the BIOS off the app Every BIOS like ePSXe says to, download off Google. Every BIOS is broken
I didn't read that before purchasing the game. I thought it was a port from the Xbox version. Despite that I was a little bummed out I still manage to stay invested. .99cents isn't bad. Thanks gameloft, you always make decent to great android games!
I would like a refund of my purchase, because the game doesn't even start. When I start the game, black screen appears for a few seconds and then it closes. I tried to uninstall the game and install it again, but I get the same exact message everytime "Spider-Man 2 isn't responding".
The game unlike previous version is toooo slow and laggy. It's so frustratingly out of sync that I can't play at all. I have galaxy tab 2 which is descent machine and runs almost every latest game very smoothly except this one. I really like amazing Spiderman 1 by gameloft but this one is very disappointing. I will wait for couple of days more for a patch to fix this game before hitting the refund button.
The graphics really impressed me but the lagging was annoying during the electro fight. So they need to fix this good deal 79p  I should have brought batman dark knight rises for 9p please fix the lagging.
After the update the game has been laggy and the graphics on 'better quality' are the same as 'better performance' were as the graphics used to look amazing before. I don't even feel like playing this game now...please release an update so that these problems get fixed on the HTC One M8
with even more painful control and combat systems. worth the $1.49aud that i paid for it, but barely. makes me wonder if those making it know what it is that they're making
The controls suck the missions suck there are no upgrades to the moves that Spidey can do so it is just pressing the same buttons over and over again. Most of the missions require you to find a citizen who wants to get your autograph. There is virtually no storyline there are timed missions that you do not possibly have enough time in order to finish because you cannot control Spider-Man since he bounces off of buildings all the time and cannot be stopped. The only good thing about this game is the graphics. If you really want to play a Spider-Man game I recommend Spider-Man one as it is the better game by far. Giving this game one star is over-generous for shame Gameloft for shame. This game is a lemon and I want my money back.
Fun and easy to get addicted to.  would give it a five but every time I get the free daily gift #about 2 months now) it's always EXACTLY the same two things. Either 5 hearts or 10,000 coins. It's like it's rigged to never give you the good stuff like the gems. Other than that, it's really cool! Also if you lose your phone or break your phone and download the game on a new phone you have to start over
Awesome game. I find little wrong with it and i understand about the lag. Having that much on screen will lag anything. Had that problem in the later levels of btd5 but i enjoyed it. Now, personally i think you'd be better off if you made the power ups worth blops in the game store instead of actual money. And not just a few of the powerups but actually be able to buy any of the power ups for twice or 3x as much as their sale price. Thanks for the awesome game ninja kiwi! Keep at it!
The game played fine except that the dialogue doesn't work and I've tried everything to fix it. I'm a huge star wars fan so I tried to redownload it and  Google had in the apps I bought but I ended up having to buy it again because it said I may not have purchased it. I've spent $20downloading it twice and it still won't show dialog which makes it useless even though the rest of the game play's great the text is what makes it good.please fix it or give me a refund; I'd much rather you simply fix it.
Well even after the "louder breathing" update I still can't hear them and also to stop this I decided to close the door before I check it. And guss what? So I saw chica in the hall so I closed the door for a while and I opened it and shined my light and died plz fix! Also I think I can't hear breathing because the fans noise. And the same happend for Bonnie! I know this should be working because I saw it work for other people on let's plays but still 4 stars because it's 1.0
I love this game it gets my blood pumping and raises my awareness but when I play fun with plushtrap I can't hear his sounds or his movement an I have to try to base it on the time. Also i have Had problems hearing some of the breathing mainly on chica, and the audio cue for foxy. Also what's the cupcake and what's the best way to avoid it? Other than this it is the scariest game I have ever played and I've already gotten to night 6 in under 30 minutes or so.
This game is so amazing. I play it all the time with my friend, John Carpenter-the boy on the right of me, left of you. We have so much fun. I love playing it alone, too. I record myself getting the heck scared out of me, using Mobizen. This game is very addicting, and it is also very challenging. It's so hard, and I'll love it for a long time to come. How could I not? Great game, Scott. 10 out of 10!
I love this game.. it is truly amazing. It is probably the most scary game of FNaF I've ever played. But there's one issue. THE STORY MINI GAMES ARE NOT IN THE GAME! Why?! I have no idea, and it makes me really upset. Please include the story mini games in between nights then this game deserves a 5 star. Thank you Scott!
Definitely the best in the series gameplay wise, and possibly favorite game of all time. Is there chance we can get mini 8bit games in there, scott? That's where all the story is at, and would be great to get to find out all the truth. Maybe a little tightening on jumpscare graphics, more like pc version. Either way, thanks for the amazing game, and one of the most intense games ever.
Hello Scott, I have a question, I beat all the nights including night 7, I have seen that their is 20/20 mode, I was wondering how I can do that. I will rate it 5 stars if you tell me that how to do it or that it isn't their. Yes I am a big fan, have all of your games and completed all of the nights including night 7 for 1, 2, 3, and 4th game. From Ethan.
Anyone who says this is a boring game is insane. It has such a thrill to it!! You don't stay in one spot, there's multiple things you have to check. I love how Scott has also change the animatronics on a certain time and certain nights. Scott really out did himself with this one. He found a way to make this one better than the other 3. Great job Scott!!
I love the details and all... But my brother says "Blake (which is my name) this game has bad graphics"... Is this true? BTW I believe my brother on FnaF World because the graphics are REALY bad if you make the graphics better in the future I will give it a 5 star rate thank you! ...BOO
It is fun but rose stupid rewards pop up in the middle of game play and you can't always x them out. It is a major pain in the behind. I can't finish games without having to close it completely and re opening it. Fix and I will give 5 stars.
Do not download this game , the graphics are horrible and the game freezes constantly. The stupid ads block the keyboard preventing you from being able to guess the letters. Do not waste your time!!
Doesn't play completely right. Especially the scoring. I should have had 150k at the end of the theme and ended up with 80k. Big deal for me. In game scoring not so good either
Game fun overall BUT puzzles not appropriate for time periods. I'm playing Premiere. The was "following you on Twitter". Twitter did not exist in the 80's. There are many answers like this, such as sending an e-mail. Not back then. If your going to make the games period themed,  the puzzle answers should reflect that period.
Great game but the programming glitches are ridiculous. I may get 2 or 3 rounds in, if I'm lucky, before it freezes or just plain dumps me out. Then I have to reload, sign in again, and cross my fingers. Not worth the time and effort, not to mention the money.
I really like the game, would like to win other prizes too trips cars ect...also speech bulkhead aren't big enough for the text.  The game is lacking the polish its name requires I expect more from game I paid $3 for, the m rewards don't always close and often cause the game to freeze up so that I have to exit and then reopen to continue playing. Please fix this! Update I found out at the bottom of the rewards page you can turn them off.
Friends need to pay for the app and install it in order to play multiplayer mode on chromecast... why not enable more than one player on the same device? Also the game would have been much more fun if letters/ words were actually voiced out. I mean in 2016 we have the technology... thumbs down 👎
This game has been kicking us off right and left, and its usually right in the middle of a very good run. Its not like its not obvious why you do it. Its a lot of fun when we actually get to stay online, but having to start all over to access the game is maddening whether our progress is preserved or not.
This game is stupid you play to win big and get free spins witch you win big but if you hit it more then once they make it so the prize is much smaller then you first time spinning and it keeps going down and down. They rig there own game
Game was fun until myself and others experienced issues. Contacted pop support on more than one occasion hoping for help. Not once did pop support offer any compensation for the games glitches. I was either ignored or told that someone would help within 24hrs. DO NOT SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ON THIS GAME!!!!!!!!! I was dumb enough to do so. Lesson learned!!!!!!
I like the game and its well done but do not play wall of khan! I played it got on the wall for 270,000 for both and then lost connection shortly after. Rejoined the table and was never credited for those credits. I was "high rolling" managed to get in twice and was banking on those credits. Every other slot game iv ever played credits for lost connection. Fix this and i will rate this higher.
Wins are far and few between now for some reason. When you do win you lose it no matter which slot you choose its obviously like the others pre programmed to lose lose lose. The minimum bet also increases as you progress so even though your daily and hourly increases it doesnt last longer because it costs more to spin. Shame.
After reading some of the reviews i realized I was not the only player not winning. The graphics are good and the slots are interesting. My concern is not ever winning. U cam go from millions to zero even if u bet low. The pay outs are awful. At least allow more wins but I am sure its because they want you to buy chips.. if u like slots don't bother..after awhile it gets very frustrating loosing ALL the time.
This game sucks, the bonuses aren't even bonuses as it costs a million to win 40000.  The bots are ridiculous, the payouts are crap and they failed to be even close to actual casino play.  Another crappy slot game that constantly makes you feel like you have been cheated, the time bonuses take to long for the little they give you and the whole concept lacks any sense of fair play.  This game isn't worth the time, data or crappy rewards offered for a terrible game experience.  This game failed.  Just another game based solely out of getting people's money as they screw you over then try to get you to buy more credits.  The payouts rarely equal the cost of the spin and the bonuses are still a joke as well as getting worse.  Don't download if you have ever played an actual slot machine before, it's an all around bad experience brought to you by people that have never been in a casino.
I love the game and it is addictive I play all the time but now that I am earn more coins to go towards my trip. But now the game on the spin button once I spin the all the slots keep spinning and have the time it doesn't stop. So now it is going crazy and I have it on my tablet and phone same problem. I'm very sad now because I don't want to uninstall because I might lose what I have fix the bug so I can give it 5 stars
I tried playing for a few months to see if it would get better but this is by far the worst slot game i have ever played.  For a slot game... I have won more times and had more in game bonuses in real life. I would think the chance of winning or bonuses would be higher.  I've only been playing a few weeks/months but still have not accumulated a feel good amount of wins. I play my time bonus coins and I most always feel disappointed or excited before I realize I'm out of coins and have to wait a couple hours for more.
Good times. Mindless fun
Takes a minute to get understand the slightly overwhelming amount of stuff, but super addictive once you get the hang of it
Simple, fun game.  I do wish there was more of an incentive after reincarnation.
Amazing please keep it up this awesome i literally cant keep my hands off this game im even playing it at school
Actually a very fun and time consuming game.
Cool game. Nice little time killer, easy to play a couple minutes here and there.
Not a bad time killer worth the 99 cents, nostalgic graphics and soundtrack, progressively tougher levels etc.
This game is awesome. Congratulations to the developer. I'm also a developer and this is a fine piece of art that you just created.
I love this app!!!!But if it didn`t work for you than boohoo 😥😵👻
It lags too much on my Moto G Turbo Edition.
I was amazed by the way they made the game. There is no such thing like it.
The ultimate classic mobile game since it's initial those on ios!
Fruit ninja is always the first app i download on a new device. Tons of innocent fu. Lol
It's best game of the world to my advice it's amazing how much I love it this game is my favorite
I love it. You get hours of play, there's so much events, and situations you get in this game. The amount of movie clips in it are perfect,  the graphics are excellent, and it works great on my device though there should be some improvements on the creator but other than that. It's a thrilling game.
Getting a bit annoyed.. I have downloaded this 3 times now. First time said error. 2 and 3 did nothing. Go back into store and it says install.. ALREADY DID!!! 3 TIMES!!! 4th time is the charm! Oh and at full internet still took over 4hrs
We have tried to download this game for over an hour on two different phones and it will not download.  I want a refund, but they won't give one. Don't bother buying this game.  I've got one very disappointed little boy.
This app is great. I receive a pleasant surprise when I saw this app worked perfectly on my Nexus 7. (Star Wars: The Complete Saga didn't) Buy this app now, it is so fun. It is especially fun to play as DINOSAURS!!!!!
I have a really fast device. Every other app downloads quickly and runs great, including other Lego games like the Lord of the Rings. However,  this took so long to download that I had to let it download while I slept. And now, it will not play for more than 5 to 10 seconds without freezing and shutting down. So basically unplayable. They don't mind taking our money but can't seem to give a playable game or even some kind of helpful update or how about at least a refund?!?!
Once first level story screens are done, game is a black screen.  Audio is fine, character picture in upper left corner with health hearts shows up along with brick collection.  Visual of where you are and what you do goes black one second after showing you what the area looks like. Please HELP!! My son loves Jurassic park and spent his own money to download the game, help me figure out how to fix the error and let him enjoy the game.
Ive played this on the xbox one and gotten 100% completion, and then this came out, and i am happy to say i have 100% completion on this too. But whats holding this back from a 5 star rating is that my acheivements arent coming through, like i said before i have 100% completion on it, but i didnt get my acheivement for it.This has happenend with other acheivements in the game too, but over all, i really enjoyed this game.
All of u people who are having trouble need to be patient yes it stops randomly but it is because it is preparing the installation to your device it should be working and. The time varies depending on your internet
It repeats it self i had to start again and got same advisers every time need a easyer way to get gems
Fun times with the same moustache and high remix of the year Steph curry all day I drink you single girl is the best NBA basketball game in the word
Bizbots ruin it. I was really far in with so much money...and I accidentally used biz bots. All my progress gone.
Games is fun, but they do not pay out the gems they say they will for offers. I did the game fly offer and never got my gems.
Amazing truly amazing 5 star everything, but when it gets undownloaded by mistake does it lose your progress? Please comment if u know
Had a problems with getting my free gems from a website and they fixed it right away! Great game fun and addictive
There are loads of bugs like while playing, the milestones will reset so i have to restart the game, and also when i collect business bonuses my app will stop working for the 30 seconds and also i invited friends and recieved no bonus for them playing it like it says i would.
Wish the items could get bigger don't feel I can control them the way I'd like to..   but really enjoy this game other wise..   playing it daily it's very enjoyable..   😀
I became addicted to this game. Love to play this all d time bt no sufficient life it has. And 9 diamonds for 5 extra step .... I think its a bit expensive.. except these things everythings perfect. 😊😊😊😊
I just love the game. All the different levels and you don't have to ask a friend for help. Also you don't get stuck on one level for too long. The only thing I do not like is the timed levels. Love it lots.
Love this app, it's different from others, as you can build your aquariums by buying items when you win games. Only downside is you can be stuck on games for days as they are quite hard. Still addictive hough.
I love this game! I find myself talking to the different fish... No, I'm not crazy, just ADDICTED. I love the new vday graphics... My all time favorite game!
When you use diamonds to get extra plays it does not give you usable plays... And yes. You run out and of course they want you to buy... Rip off..
I downloaded this to play at Powell, on limited data. (I get boat sick) , (and am allergic to the sun) don't judge. Became ADDICTED to this game! Love it
This is a great little game, that easily quashes some hours. The only reason I am not going pt five stars, is that there are to few levels.. It's to easy to complete the game... Add 2 or 3 more levels and I'll change my rating to five stars! ^_^
First. Go to the settings on top left of screen. Next. Change difficulty. (Easy:4 lives. Very easy: 5 lives ) but changing the difficulty will change the speed of your backflipper. Just one tiny request, gamesoul,  please add the option to be a girl or a boy. I would be the happiest person if you could add that in the next update. Thanks a bunch!!
I've played all the levels at least three times each now but the whole time I was playing and watching my dude wreck himself I thought - they should totally make a version of this where you're a wrestler and you have to flip onto other wrestlers and break tables and stuff. I'd buy the heck out of that game too!
How did this game get so many stars? Physics suck, controls suck, progression sucks. And it's a PAID game. I'm really getting tired of the crap that makes it's way into the Android store. And the ability of inept devs to pay for ratings, just waters down the ability of any real app dev to have their work seen. Seriously, spend some of the revenue from this on refining the game. Oh, and if you look at the screen caps, there even had to cheat the levels to get them. Pure, unfiltered crap.
Good game. The only gripe is the difficulty to guess how the player is going to react. At times it seems that the spin speed is random, but still great fun. Brings a good sense of achievement when you finally nail a level. Can't wait for more levels.
I am so obsessed with this game. I play it constantly. Even though there isn't a lot of content, I am still finding new stuff everyday. One thing that I will mention, is that you can't save your replays! Not being able to save my replays is sad. I want to see what I've done in the future. Or just watch it whenever I want to.
Absolutely my favourite game of all time. Love it and its so addictive to try a make new combos. Only problem now is I haven't been able to try anything new because it's quite easy to complete. Please make more levels and types of back flips.
It's a surprisingly addictive one button game. It's quite satisfying to land a tricky jump or several in a row.  My only complaints are the loading times are pretty long and there is no way to switch between score mode or free play mode without reloading.
Don't know how much money i spent real money Never hit nothing no bonuses this is worse than a real casino
Collect for days so I can play a whole 2 minutes playing minimum bets. Piece of crap. Uninstalled!
Bad game. No payoffs 3 million coins paid back bet maybe 5 times. Why play?
It's very hard to win, but the games are fun.
Just like the casino, wish the odds were a bit better
I am addicted I play cashman slots at all the casinos I go to!
I like playing it,give me sum think to
Very glitchy when chatting. But the biggest issue is the pre-function options. It happens so fast with no pause for when someone raises that when I go to press check/fold I very often press it as it changes and end up calling a hand I intended to fold. This hurts my game play alot, please fix this.
I've been playing for years now and I've never been so annoyed by your ways to make people buy chips. Way to many robots created by this company to make smart poker players get screwed and go broke just so they'll buy chips. Deleting this mess...
This is the only fast-paced, fair play, real time, versatile and diverse poker experience on the net. The upgrades are phenomenal and subtle enough that the original game isn't compromised. Whether you are a beginner, novice, professional or expert, there's something in this app for you! High stakes to frugal mother*@#%er, genius to dumb ass, it's here! Of course knowing HOW to play TEXAS HOLD'm is a good idea as well. 5*'s.
Bots stealing ur money, the lucky bonus spin is a joke, use to get large amounts of money with spin, now u don't. I've spent a lot of money on this game and I can tell u that  Zynga has bots that play on their behalf to steal ur purchased money back, just another form of thieving. It's crooked and should be punishable by law, it's no different than if they stole money out of ur wallet. I'm reporting them, is low down for us hard working people
Id give it a 4 star or even higher.. But lately for the past 2 days when im playing in Jump mode after every hand my money drops back down to 500k ... Even after winning an all in it just resets to 500k ... Ive tried many times to log off and log back in but no use .. Sometimes it ok but majprity of the time its not and its happening after every hand being played. Also the strength meter even while turned on does not work at all .. Not that i need it any more but its always a nice to have thing. Though even after setting it to show it doesnt ... If someone at suport can help me out as my money keeps on resetting back to 500k. Once that issue is solved i dont mind giving 5stars
where my poker journey started where i learned to play, it's friendly as well as competitive as in wanting to improve your game. i like the challenges and leagues it pushes you you play different stakes and tournaments. All round good fun when you don't want to play for real money all the time
I had to come back and delete my old positive review because the latest update is horrendous.  They took a simple, clean layout and trashed it for this new jumbled mess.  Add to that the scratchers that are impossible to win.  Also, I paid to remove ads but am still inundated with ads begging me to pay Scopely more money.  I've been a regular player for years but that is coming to an end.  Do not recommend.  Roll back the latest update.
The new update sucks. It takes forever for app to load. Then you have to keep hitting games multiple times to load. In addition, you cannot contact support unless you give permission for the app to access your photos, files, and location. Looks like I am deleting this one. You turned a decent app into a horrible, phishing one. Way to go.
It was a fun game. Then the adds showed up. After almost every move u get an add. During timed games, you get an add. Sometimes a long one during quick play games. Adds adds adds... Between adds and how hard you set things in tournament play (yes there is a big scoring difference between buddy play and tournament play.) Its not as fun. Remove the adds and level the play out a bit.
THIS IS FOR THE NEWEST VERSION!!!  I have posted several reviews for this game. I haven't been able to post a COMPLETELY positive review. And that's difficult to have to accept since I love the game. I enjoy the new updates. Game play is nicer BUT the scratchers are still worthless, even when you purchase them and some "rules" for events are impossible. Try making the scratchers a positive and ACTUAL rewarding item!!! Also, STOP PEOPLE FROM CHEATING!!!!
I will never spend 1¢ towards the paid version. A great game when it works. Constantly freezes on ZTE-ZMAX, HTC-Evo4GLte, LG-G3, Moto-G, Nook HD. This game should be called: "Yahtzee isn't responding. Would you like to close it?" That's all I constantly see! Better to play "Dice with Buddies." Same game, just better optimized.
Good game at all nice graphics and awesome game play. Remembered me of cod. Deserves a 5 star if you fix some issues. First of all it consumes a lot of power  and second one it requires a lot of data. Everytime it says connecting in the middle of war zone and then I got died cause I was connecting. Please fix this
Used to love it, now not so much. If you do play, spend no real money. They will essentially steal it from you. You spend real money to buy or upgrade bots and weapons, then they nerf said bots and weapons. Not ok with me. Uninstalling. Oh by the way, I've played this game for almost 3 years now. What a shame they punish players for mistakes developers made.
The latest update made the game further more unbalanced! Now the Gepard robot is an useless piece of junk. Other robots are upgraded with additional HP and Shield Regeneration speed while the Gepard is now a joke. The acceleration  (not movement but turning) of the Gepard is slower.    I invested many time on this game now they just made fun on the Gepard players. Very disappointed. Please revert the changes!!
Your events are dodgy.  20 draws and I get the same item over and over.  Game needs a chat window to arrange teams.  You need to change battle setup so players can change weaponry or robots during battle.  Currently if you try and change robots it destroys your robot.  Also the clan system is clunky and unworkable.  You urgently need an in-game trading centre and a game chat window so players can arrange teams.
Lunar event is a scam.. Always get 1 gold 2 gold or crv pin never get good robots f.u.c.k you frustrating.. They force us to spend money what is the use of special event when we won't get premium weapons or robots.. Always found in chest cheap weapons that are easily available for silver i have more than 80000k what is the use of so much of silver.. Please make event that is exceptable ALWAYS ONE GOLD IN CHEST FAKE Fake FAKE
EDIT for latest version Jan 7 2017 They SCAM ARTISTS. They sell an item for $$ and when they make a profit they nerf it to the point where its obsolete. Most players dont care because they are running mods to where they adjust damage and splash to a hacked setting. game is crap as well as the cheating err the 'mod'n players are. dont waste your time here.
The only thing i hate is that if an interruption comes up while im playing the game like maybe a phonce call when i get back on I have to log on with a whole new character. This is the third time i have had to do this. Its a great game but please fix this! This is the most irritating thing ever. I made so much progress in the game and everytime that happens i have to do it all over again!
I love this game.. but this game make me spend lot of money. Every event need diamond to get pet or whartwings. To have big BR must have all whartwings n pet.. n the whartwings n pet can get with lot of diamond.. i hope developer can make this game fair for player with does'nt have much money to recharge. Example : to get legend pet or whartwings, player must need level 85 n get the fragment with playing adventure game n get the fragment one by one... thanks
Was a really good game, really addictive with good features. The controls to move your character was a bit clunky but that's what auto is for. Was going great until today. It seems to have forgotten or deleted my character and won't let me load with it. My only option is to create a new character. Any help or advice would be appreciated
Saw the trailer and got super excited. Downloaded it, then tried to play it. The servers in the list have green dots which, according to the key, mama they're okay. Once selected, the chosen server always has a red dot. I try to log in anyway, but, always get a message about "unstable". I give up.
Because  the developer do not clean the server there are lots of REFUNDERS scattered all over.  We have been sending reports but they never check it,  as a player who pays more than $100 I should  have an answer but they never did. It is unfair to those who pay!
First, I absolutely love this game. Very fun but I recently lost my original character. Not sure what happened but here is some info if you could help.  Character name: Sivosa, character level: 67, character class: sorceress. I have been playing this character on EST-281 since I started. I'd hate to lose all that progress.
Wonderful game in general. However the updates left the game unbalanced in certain features. I wish the GM's responded to issues with gameplay issues in a timely manner or at least explained why the game became so, for lack of a better word, unfair. You could kill certain monsters with one hit before. Now that same monster can one hit kill you. It makes no sense.
ITS ACTUALLY AMAZING, ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE PLAYED IN A LOOOONG TIME AND I PLAN TO KEEP PLAYING IT!! IF U ARE UNSURE OF DOWNLOADING THIS GAME DONT BE YOU WONT REGRET IT!! 😀😀👌😁
False advertising, go to this games youtube channel and there is a video showing a final Fantasy style game with a third person perspective flying around and looking like a game that would be on PC or any of the consoles, and this garbage came up. I think this game should be removed from the Google play store completely.
What used to be a RELAXING game, is now a nightmare!!! Once you get to the higher levels, its clear the game is designed to keep you from moving on without paying! The levels where OZ throws blocks out are stressful and ruin the game!!! Why don't the butterflies help get him down in those levels??!!!! I've paid real money in this game but it's NOT worth it anymore cuz that's exactly what they are trying to do! Uninstalling!
I love this game !!I'd give it a 10!I'm on level 400 but it's taken me a year. also had to start over due to new phone switch.I'll be sad when it's over. Good job who ever is the brains behind this game!
When it lets me play without kicking me out, its a lot of fun. I hoped the update would fix the issue but when i tried to play again, the game stopped and created an error report. Go back in and it kicks you out again.
Great game! Wonderful graphics and beautiful colours. Has a couple of features and special moves that make it slightly different and not just another carbon copy match 3 game. Really loving it 😍.  Friendly warning once you get past level 300 some of them get dramatically harder 😵 Past level 600 now, much harder but still loving it just as much! Kudos to the developers for still trying to keep it interesting by adding more features and not just releasing new levels.
Love playing this game again. I have had problems with the game freezing up and the pieces over lapping each other. Not good! Taking fun out of it. It is frustrating.
Very fun just like classic pokemon games for the first few mobile game systems easily worth 99 cents if you enjoy the old pokemon style
Very fun, but should be a bit more fast paced. You should be able train a lot fast (I mean earning training points. There should be more.
how can i use my restore code?my data was lost?
Similar to pokemon  and its really fun i do hope there will be alot more adventure in this game to come ...joe
The game is great. Its real easy to master if you play any monster battle games
Its pretty good but i dont really like the way you move around.
This game reminds me playing Pokemon in Gameboy. Old School.
I just paid for a black screen that is followed by crashing. I literally have not be able to play the game since I bought it. Great job Square Enix, it is nice to see that your Android ports still blow.
I always loved FFT since the PS1 and PSP version. But what happen to the multiplayer? We recently brought the game because our PSP is dead and the only suitable way to play FFT was on our Android devices. Without the multiplayer. The meaning for FFT:WOTL is gone.
You meed to fix all the crashes after battle when trying to open anything. Getting sick of redoing battles because of it happenes atleast after every three battles.will rate back at 5 stars when it is fixed. Also worked great on the s5 now that i got the s7 it has been doing it.
It's FFT, but with sudden crashes on any screen, at any time. Progress-losing crashes are unacceptable. No autosave system to restore from crashes. 4 stars for the game, 1 star for app performance.
The saves are stored locally and there's no way to back them up without rooting the device. Please fix that and it'll get the 5 star rating it deserves. If I move to another device, I lose my save.
Love this game reminds me of growing up.  This would be 100% better if it was not freezing and crashing all the time.  Nothing more agrivitating than getting through a tough battle and it crashes before i can save...
One of my all time favorite games!! Bad thing is, it crashes 2 out of every 5 times i run the app....its extremely laggy and buggy!!! But overall ok...fix crash issue and i will rate 5 stars.
What a poor port. The touch screen actually makes it harder to  select the dam square in the battlefield. Also it constantly crashes. And with no save state it is extremely frustrating. Badly ported for its price.  EDIT: ok the crashes are ridiculous the further I am into the game. It is becoming u playable. I may need to fight for a refund if this keeps up...
This game has so much potential.  But its quite buggy and crashes on launch with my tablet (Samsung tab s2).  The controller support is lacking so it won't work on android tv (Nvidia shield tv).  If they fixed it so it would run properly on either of those it would get another look. Edit: still broken after the newest update.
Hi its me I relly like these games I have saw phantom mangle 3 times and I might mabie get the first game mabie if I can I can't get passed night 3 becuas of phantom chica and then phantom mangle shows up and then Freddy is sneaking outside then he jumpscares me so I have to fix the ventilation and then boom spring trap kills me and when chica kills me I am like HOLY CHICA what had to update and bb is fat butt head
Great game but I have encountered some bugs or something... Idk but out side the door and on the puppet in the office, there is a weird purple outline... and the camera needs to be bigger so the map and buttons aren't blocking it! Overall great game but fixing these would make it better
First: night five is too hard with all the errors and phantoms. Second: springtrap goes from cam 8 to right in front of you way to fast on night five. And lastly the phantom anomatronics animations are scary but springtrap's is just annoying he just walks to you and screams quietly please improve these things it really good just not good enough
Shield tablet & nexus tablet now supported and it now launches on my HTC one m7. The only issue I have is the difficulty, you can get hit by all the phantoms almost simultaneously effectively stun locking you and makes you forfeiting the night. It's not challenging it's just cheap. Having played the PC version this is a great port.
I love this one! It's the scariest one so many jumpscares and very unpredictable. The first one kicked me out all of the time but not this one. That is until I got my new phone. Hey Scott, I love your games but this one kicks me out please fix it. Thank you.
The only problem with the jumpscares, are that you see them coming. Then its not scary at all. I also keep having problems with getting jumpscared by Freddy on the restart panel, and when he does, foxy stands right in front of me and doesn't do a thing. Otherwise, great game, Scott 🙌
Ling moz (me(my nike name)) get this game now it's pretty scary fun get it and also fun keep playing its actually fun and if its not well you are a nude.+you can refund to and you shouldn't. YOU MAKE ME MAD.  (-+-) = YOU vice vie or whatever.
...the 4th one is going to explain everything and it's supposed to be super scary how I know it's coming out on Halloween the scariest holiday of them all on the scariest game of them all get the idea that's why he's releasing it on Halloween it's the SCARIEST NIGHT OF THE SCARIEST GAME DURING NIGHT OF BOTH BEING DURING THE NIGHT AND BEING THE SCARIEST ONE OF ALL
This dose not scare me because I work in a horror attraction this is a unstabled job that its out here. Scott cawthon make this game more scary for us I don't like this right not you need to be serious man please make it more scarier bra. And 6am or not im not scared you need to make it more you know scary you know please...
This game focuses on stealing cars more than any other GTA game I have played. Claude is a badass and there is a lot of tension between him and the characters. I HIGHLY recommend getting this game. I have played the story sooo many times and still enjoy messing around. The physics and secrets are the best in any game ive ever played. Worth the $7 to buy it. Completely!
This games conflicts with launcher pro but after defaulting to the standard android launcher worked just fine. If you ever, princess crashes I suggest you look at what you're running in the background. I'm increasing my score because of all the idiots giving it a low score because their phone sucks.
I love you guys so much. I love the PS2 one you've made (haven't played 4 or 5, sorry). I have no clur why people are asking for stuff to be added that wasn't in the original game. I wish you would add PS3 controller support, for obvious reasons (Poetic and gameplay reasons.). I will buy the GTA 4 from Steam soon.
I've taken great delight in reliving my memories of playing this when I was younger, worth a buy for the nostalgia value alone though I want to support the developer also. Gotten up to the very start of the last island earlier on a different account and found it difficult but the game is easy enough to handle after a short while with attentiveness. Five stars and I'd reccomend this game go anyone!
!!MAJOR OVERLOOKED FLAW!! The mission "Silence the Sneak" is nearly impossible, you have to get ridiculously lucky to aim the grenade into the window... there's no good way to aim it in the mobile version. This mission is roughly halfway through the story of the game...
Grand theft auto 3 is an amazing game! Hands down, but the controls are a major issue. 1) The driving. The driving is annoying especially when you are trying to avoid the cops. I had several problems when playing missions or even just driving casually. 2) Shooting or aiming in general. This makes the game more challenging because of this complication. When shooting an enemy it randomly targets a pedestrian and it really hard to complete missions when you can't kill your specific targets.
I remember having issues with running this game on my old phone but I gotta say.. So far I haven't had much issues with it besides this one where the menu might be blank and I won't be able to select any options. But it goes away if you close the game and come back to it.
touch controls unresponsive i need a refund! please i rate u 5 stars but i need ur compliance rockstar a.k.a. billion dollar corporation. Please refund me my money. And make gta lcs available for Samsung Galaxy light.
Good game and awesome graphics. They have recently fixed the downloading issue as of the 8/12/16. Game is a bit laggy for me and I'm playing on a s7. Nothing like any of the games on console but you should expect that for a mobile game but it's good to try something different, worth the money especially with the fixed bugs. The fact that you can customize and upgrade your own assassin is just enough for me! People struggling with app should make sure they are on WiFi or have plenty data. 5 stars!!!
Refund, please. Haven't been able to get the game to fully download and install since I first paid for it. Uninstalled twice to try again, didn't fix the 6010 error of not having enough space on my device. Uninstalled everything ... Still not enough space. No mention anywhere how much space is needed to run this game including post-purchase downloads. There is no refund option on the page, either.
You need to refund my money immediately as I can't even play the game. I don't know WTF you have me downloading (I assume PlayStations entire back catalogue of games to my SD card?) because this is taking way too long to download even with fast wifi. I'm not waiting 10 decades for this crap to download, already tried different connections at different places. I want my money back please.
This has been the sixth time in a row that I have downloaded your game hoping that it will load. I have done this so much that when I delete the game to re download it again it will not give me my refund. Now I am done with the mobile version of this amazing franchise and will delete it for good. However Whenever I delete it I never get my refund back. Please Ubisoft, give me my money back.
Got this on sale! This is a really fun game that looks stunning and has lots to do. The only niggle I have with it is that the controls seem a bit too sensitive, I'd just try to look around with the right-hand control and I'd end up moving, jumping off the ledge I'm on or breaking my cover.  Or maybe I'm just still getting the hang of it. Anyway, the game works pretty smoothly otherwise.
This game gets 5-stars because it is the bade st game out. I mean, hell, yah. Bad man,This game is Really good? I thought it would be hard to play but I was Wrong, the game play is smooth, and easy to control, so give for real this game is the best so if you want to become an assassin let's go pick up that blade and let's go put some work in who's the best game ever trying you're really going to like it this game a try, you won't re-gret it...
Bought the game a long time ago and I regret my decision. Boring gameplay, No story, Boring Missions. The only reason why I gave it a 2 star instead of a one star is the graphics. The gameplay is just plain out terrible. It's not even open world and there's so much loading screens. There's even in app purchases to and it's not just a little, It's a lot. Terrible game, They only made it for a quick money grab.
That being said, I will continue playing this one but it is very frustrating how often it freezes or doesn't load so you're staring at a black screen then you have to reload. With how much it suck power from my battery it doesn't leave much time to play when I'm constantly reloading.
Game is good however recently I could not play online, get weekly prizes or do dungeons. It kept saying make sure network is open. I deleted the game and re-installed it. Now I can't access my save and I still can't play online. Ladies and gentlemen good game but bad technical services
Have some minor problem, like transitioning your free account to paid version and some minor bugs, and the action of their support team is slow, unless they fix it they can't gain a five star. Game is pretty addictive and amazing.
After 2-3 runs game doesn't connect to internet. I get error everytime "can't connect to network" even though internet is working fine. I mailed regarding that issue. A week has passed. No reply. And i don't use Facebook. Reply me on email.  EDIT: Do you even read reviews? I already told u i don't use Facebook. Then again you say the same thing.
I had the free version was getting pretty far then i decided to buy the full version to get access to the other 2 characters and now it keeps saying network error i unintalled and reinstalled and lost all my progress wont let me sign in and keeps giving me the same network error i really liked this game but this is bs
I played the free version on my tablet for a couple weeks then decided to get the paid version because the game was fun but it didn't let me transfer the data from the free version to the paid one, I tried with both paid versions but neither of them worked.
I can't restore my savedata in the paid version. It is saying 'no stored data found' even though I already saved data in my free version.
Lost my data in free version ! Now i regreted purchasing the game ! Please fix this .. All the gems and the items i collected is now lost .. Please fix this ..
I hate giving 5 stars to any games but damn this game is good. So much content here. Highly polished, wonderfull characters, imagination. Even item descriptions are often humorous. Yet at its core its all about the gameplay. It also takes a reasonable time to finish storyline and can go back later to complete items/alt quests after storyplot.
Great game! Super funny and keeps you playing for hours. 2* because the last update turned off Family library sharing, which automatically uninstalled the game on my device making me lose all the progress. I was about 5% of finishing this game, and now I'm back at start. So frustrating!
I love the game, oh so much. Yet no backup without proving purchase and NOT telling the player to do so.... sigh.... lost my phone, and thus lost all of my progress because of such. Unfortunately I was well into the game and probably will just uninstall after this loss. Sad day.
If you're in doubt whether you should buy this game or not, don't think again! This game seriously deserves more downloads. Never played such a rich and fun game on mobile before. It has the action, adventure, upgrades and jokes that will make it undoubtedly the best purchase of your life. OK, only warning though: addiction will occur
whether you're finishing a quest or just roaming around, this game will eat a lot of your time. i'm using an lg g2 so after 2 hrs of non stop playing games slow down but that's because of the hardware i guess. 40+ hours of flux and juicebot madness...
Really fun and well balanced. Playing on 3rd difficulty level. Finally getting a hang of things after 15 hours but brutally punishing. Love it. One thing bugs me. Playing on phone with touch. When in combat, could you make it so respurces cannot be harvested please ?
Great game and works well on mobile. Missions get pretty repetitive after a while. Controls are a tiny bit clunky on a large tablet.
I never leave reviews but I had to express how awesome this game in a world of freemium crap. 5 stars best mobile game I've ever played
The 3rd release is by far the best of the lot. The developers have added more movement that gives the player a greater sense of freedom within the environments, even though they're clearly scripted and the hints are always there to guide you through the end. There is a new mechanic that adds depth to the challenges. Despite this being a case of more of the same, the sense of wonder is still there, the graphics stunning, and the sound immerses the player in the atmosphere. More please!
Finally decided to review this game after getting all endings. It's not easy but not impossibly hard. For me, all puzzles were solvable with a little bit of logic, but I did have to do a lot of to and fro in order to get all the endings. But despite that, it's so satisfying to finally finish it 100%. If you're a fan of this series and would love a wee bit of challenge then I suggest turning off the hints at the very beginning, since it gives more satisfaction when you are finally able to solve those puzzles. I am in love with this series and am hoping there'll be more rooms to come.
I've always been a fan of adventure games. Likewise the style of puzzles have been great. Not entirely disjointed from the game as it is their intended purpose. It has been reminding me of my old favorite Zork Nemesis. The series so far has been developing very well. A little more active story such as real time or videos spread out during the game would make the series perfect. All in all an amazing game series!
Loved every second of it! I binge played all three entries in the series and they saved the best for last... not to take anything away from the first two, they were both excellent. I would have given this five stars but there were some aggregating issues with object manipulation/viewing angles, and the graphics stopped being smooth in places, but just in the alternate endings. I love that there are three endings! Technically there are four endings but two are just different paths to the same ending.  Still, outstanding game, worth every penny --- beautiful graphics, great puzzles, (almost entirely) smooth play.
Hints doesn't waste the pleasure. Each room becomes a surprise and each surprise becomes a surprising room. The castle of our chilhood, the perfect house  a child could expect. Secret rooms, path here and there, need to go from here to there to arrive somewhere else. No need of zombie or anything else. The game leads you and give a great part to your imagination too. Not a simple escape game as you do not really ever escape from it. Is there an end?
I absolutely adore the Room series.  And I've been a huge fan since the first game, the simplicity of the story combined with the intriquite design of the puzzles made it thoroughly enjoyable.  Every time a gear turned, or a door opened, I was completely immersed in the beauty of the game.  Hands down the best set of games I've ever played on mobile. I'd even say it compares to some of the pc games I play. Keep it up Fireproof, I thoroughly enjoyed this title, and can't wait for the next game you release.
U can't help but feel transported somewhere else in this puzzle game. It manages to convey a unique sense of mystery with a hint of something more eerie going down. Bigger & better than 1 & 2, puzzles are often very clever, unlike others out there who repeat their formula game after game. Controls aren't easy on Android at times tho compared to iPad, I have it on good authority, but I paid 50p! Good enough for me.
This is the game which deserves to be paid for. It is worth every penny and I have played The Room, The Room 2 and The Room 3. It is a game which I look forward to and wait for its sequels. I appreciate the hardwork of the developers to incorporate not only the graphics but awesome controls, storyline, rightful background music and intelligent and interlinked solutions, puzzles and much more. Keep up the good work and don't be complacent or lose the individuality this game has truly.
Everything about this emulator is quality.  The touch controls are hard to use for me (no harder than any other game) so a USB keyboard or Bluetooth gamepad really take this up another notch.  I guess that would make it floating above the top notch, eh.
I thought this was a very average emulator until after a few days of messing with the options I came across the FXAA GPU option.... wow most games that glitched now dont and the whole experience is much improved.  Beautiful looking graphics and good speed, I'm running this on an EagleTV Box which allows me to play on my big-screen living room tv - very good experience thanks to the gamepad support and ability to hide the on-screen controls.  Very pleased with this purchase and find it much better than that 'other' PSX emulator that I also purchased.  Keep up the great work devs!!
Well worth the money. I can't say it's the best emulator out there but I know that I bought it and I am definitely satisfied. It plays all the PlayStation games I've tried so far including final fantasy VII, resident evil 2, and legend of dragoon. All ran perfectly and the controls CAN be mapped leaving nothing to complain about. Absolutely will not disappoint!
I'm not lying when I say that ePSXe is the Highest Quality Emulator for Android If your a PlayStation fan, then the 3.99 price is unbelievably worth it. The only thing I recommend is that before buying the app, Is that you buy an Android Game Controller like the “Gamesir G3s" for your games so you don't have to use the touchscreen. Other than that I Give this App the Highest Recommendation I can give.
This is a great app, no bugs as far as I can see. This app is taken care of by its dev(s), it is truly an amazing program and probably the best emulator for any system I have used thus far. I own PlayStation one and an old grey PSX. Thank you to the dev(s) for allowing me to put my system in a safe area where it won't be damaged because of continued use. My discs are now also safe from wear and scratches so I can have then for years to come. Thank you Dev(s) you are a credit to the programing community.
Amazing performance across most games, easy setup Gamepad support that works very well with my ps4 controller and a fast, easy to us gui. Consistent 60fps in Spyro, Crash, a couple Megaman X's and Armored Core. Can't recommend this emulator enough. EVEN HAS VR SUPPORT, AND A FEW KINDS AT THAT. What a beaut of an emulator, if I could give it 6 stars I would.
EPSXE and FPSE are both really good but EPSXE has less glitches and much better menus/user interface.  It also supports eboot (pbp) format isos which will save you a lot of storage space.  EPSXE's authors are very helpful if you ever have questions or issues.  (LG G5)
When I'm Trying To Shoot Webs It Doesn't Work Most Of The Time The Walking Control Is So Laggy. The Game Is Great But Controls Suck
Its been so hard to pass chapter 8,because my spider man suit is weak and no match with chapter 8.please update it to get any suit easily.
Fonts are too big!!! We aren't old people, lol. Button are also too big and awkward. Feel like a 5 years old game. A complete rework in design required. Doesn't feel like premium game from a top developer... The gameplay was very nice, but the game felt little short
After you finish the game it gets really boring. There's not a lot of diversity in missions and action. And how are you supposed to unlock the suits legitimately?
You guys made the hit points on the weapons of the enemy way too high with basically a single bit you're out like what, since the update came it's boring now like the hit points way too high for those simple weapons.
It has a lot to do but it could have more content. Alotbof quests and boss fights are unique and a lot of fun. Spideys comments to people and the voice acting is good and damn hilarious.,"do you want me to sign spider man or my real name"
Not at all glitchy; runs real smoothly on my device. Haven't encountered problems with it so far, except for that one missing quest from the Magic Man level. The heart meter isn't a problem at all. You just have to use them wisely and save them up for the heart quests when you're about to run out! (The meter will refill completely once you beat the heart/boss quest). I didn't find the need to spend another cent on gems and such, but I did buy the Fionna and Cake expansion; you get a lot of awesome cards there! The fun I get out of this game is definitely worth the money I paid for.
I don't know how to play TCGs. I lost a Pokemon battle to a 60 year old man on my first try. Clash Royale and Hearthstone are super difficult to master. Coming from a person who loves playing RPG's and casual games, Card Wars is an excellent starter TCG. The PvP feature lets you battle people on the same level as you. The story mode is fun to play (Can't beat Flame Princess yet, so I keep trying and wasting my lives to beat her). The monthly calendar/daily gifts are usually hearts, which is useful for me.
I LOOOOVE THIS GAME I REALLY DO I WISH THERES WAS A PART 2, BUT HAD BOUGHT THE SAND BUNDLE ON MY OTHER DEVICE AND IT DIDNT TRANSFER TO THIS NEW ONE I GOT. So please give me back the sand bundle I bought fair and square. Not only that but my old progress, but im doing fine on this new account anyway. Just saying that i want my sand bundle back.
Great game with awesome mechanics that is very enjoyable and really makes good use of the Adventure Time IP. The only issue (and its a major one) there is NO player operated multiplayer. The game has very little the way of multiplayer and this simple fact cripples this game past compare. You guys really need to add Friend based 1v1, rebrand slightly and package this as a multiplayer game since the gameplay is unique and more competitively inclined compared to CW2.
Card Wars is a really enjoyable game with manu features that make it a great competitive card game that requires skill and strategy and thinking ahead. My only issue with the game is a bug where sometimes when I finish a battle the game will crash. If that could be fixed I would rate it 5 stars ;) but still it's a REALLY good game.
I really want to like this game. It is a fun, fairly simple game and it is very addictive and fun. But it is not worth the $4, even though I got it during the sale. The game crashed on me then restarted ALL of my progress. I was on level 60 on the main quest, my character was on 14, and I spent 10 dollars on gems and a DLC and they both went away. I guess I shouldn't have bought it, but I did because I couldn't get gems from levels because the game crashed right before I could finish a level.
Crazy fun playing this game. From doing quests and replaying them to collect different cards and level up your character(s). Until it just reset everything back to square one about 5 mins ago undoing the progress I had made... including but not limited to the gems I purchased several times. (ò_ó) Update: Wasn't able to get old save back but customer service was more than helpful restoring purchases and ensuring that there would be an advantage restarting the game. Good game, good people.
Its refreshing. I am a tough critic on shoot them up games. This one is sufficiently fun to play and there is tons of upgrade potential over time. Give it a go and reach level 11 before quiting. At that point you can research upgrades too.
Brilliant game. Shame it's rather new only 50 levels so far. Completed nearly all achievements, bar 3 100% on all levels can't get levels 40, 49 and 50. And one hidden achievement (precision) I am still unable to get for some reason.
It is a great game by ninja kiwi! But for me when i get the ninja ally or a big chunk of bloon came in or both, the game lags but its all good it doesn't crash. And also the loading for starting a level or finishing a level takes a little longer then it should.
Ever since I got this game I never stop playing it.It's like the only game I play.In six days I already got done with the game I have five diamond levels. I have all three monkeys. I know all of their names their names are ice monkey, store monkey, Super Monkey.
This made my Shield K1 overheat. After it overheated, my device would not boot. DO NOT PURCHASE! If any device should be able to handle this game it is the K1. Ninja Kiwi should be ashamed of themselves for publishing this before optimizing it. Low-end devices stutter and high-end devices stutter less. I loved BTD5. I have been a big Ninja Kiwi supporter. But this and a few other bad experiences has made me decide to never financially support them again.
The game is very addicting and lots of fun. Unfortunately there are only 50 levels so it quickly gets boring replaying the same levels over and over again.   This would be a 5 if you could continue on to new worlds!
Really glad I bought this. It's a beautiful game and I've enjoyed every bloon game so far. Beware of hand cramps after 6+ hours playing nonstop. It's like a better Raiden with bloons.
Launches into a blank black screen.  I'm running on xperia Z 5 premium.  Game is a great one but it doesn't run on my phone.  1 star until they fix it.  Otherwise will ask for a refund.  After trying several times I was able to get to the title menu but the game doesn't load and crashes.  Does not run on my phone. Update:  I'm raising my review to 2 star because this game runs great on my Xperia z3 tablet.  Will give this 5 stars when/if they fix it.
Please? I've loved this game since first playing it on xbox, and I still do. Clearing though with blasters and enjoying it. But there's some serious holes in the gameplay. Adding some more equipment to the game would be a good start. Its important to balance lightside/darkside equipment options. Add a tactics system simlar to Dragon Age. Follow up with a rebalance to player/enemy stats to meet these new changes. I'd drop coin to that dlc.
First off, I am absolutely enjoying this game on my TV. Playing it on my Mi Box running Android TV os with a Bluetooth controller. Sadly the cloud save is not across other android phones. There are the occasional sound bugs which can be cleared by zoning to another area but overall an enjoyable experience. I subtracted 1star because of the cloud save not being across all my android devices. Would love to continue my progress on the phone when I travel.  Update: Cloud save works, limited to only a single save. To enable it, you have to manually click the save file to be on the cloud.
I've played the original on the Xbox, and it was critically acclaimed then, so this review will focus on the smoothness of the Android port itself. One tip - the game was much easier to control when autorun was turned off. The controls felt intuitive enough, and the style of kotor's combat allowed for easier use of the dragging and touch features of the phone screen. I was able to take the game to the end. Keep in mind that swoop racing is near impossible (make sure to just barely win the first Taris run).
What else can Really be said about this game?  It was always my favorite since playing it for the Xbox.  The story is one of the best ever and the combat is very fun. It still blows my mind and makes me happy that it's on mobile now =).  As for the game play on the phone it runs very smoothly and is easy to use.  10 bucks is a steal.  So go on and play the best game out there!  =)
I never played it on the PC and have never owned an XBOX - I'm not a gamer, by any definition, and while my husband and son are we are a Sony family.  I have been at a point in my life where I simply NEED more Star Wars (ha), and decided the $3.99 would be not much of a loss if I played it once and never touched it again.  I have done almost nothing else since.  Not a fan of the turret controls and swoop racing, but other than that it's perfect.  What an amazing job bringing it to a mobile platform.
Of course being KOTOR the game itself is incredible. Amazing story, and a great RPG that transfers well to mobile.  Thank Aspyr for that. The controls may not be absolutely perfect (Swoop racing and shooting mini game in particular) but with what they were given you can't ask for much more.  If you are on the fence, love Star Wars, and are looking for a game to play for hours upon hours look no further. This is easily the best game on the play store.  Maybe soon we will get KOTOR 2?....... I can dream!
This game is a very faithful port of the Knights of the Old Republic PC game, the graphics look great on the small screen and the controls are smooth and intuitive. My only complaint is that the menus are directly scaled down copies of those used in the PC and even on my Note 4 most menu elements (leveling up especially) are so tiny they are unusable!
This game runs smoothly on my Samsung J3 no bugs nor crashes. Having never played this on console or PC I can't say how well it ported to mobile but can say that the graphics are good and the gameplay is a lot of fun. Controls are too slow for the Ebon Hawk turret and lack sensitivity for the swoop bikes which lowers the rating one star. Definitely a great action RPG for mobile though I highly recommend.
I can't say I agree with the room, it doesn't look like a pizzaria, it looks like a child's bedroom. Plus many people liked playing the series without sound because the jumpscares are too much for them. But the "breathing" forces them to. BUT the antagonists of the game looked great and had awesome jumpscares... at least for the pc version, these mobile jumpscares are kinda lazy.
The Halloween Update for this game didn't get released.....I've been waiting since Halloween to play it on my tablet, could you have an update so we can have the new stuff like BB and Mangle?  Unless my tablet is dumb (quite possible) I'd like a Halloween Update, better late then never.
Awesome job Scott! Love the game, can't wait for the movie!😁 anyways, when I go to the door Bonnie keeps killing me when I use the flashlight. There isn't any breathing I can hear either... anyway thanks. Oh, and I have an idea for the 5th game: Fredbear's Family Diner! 😊 Thanks,  Shadow
This Game is by far better than all the Five Nights at Freddy's! It's so much scarier, the graphics are improved and the jumpscares always have me on the edge of my seat! This Game is also WAY more puzzling which can be a good and bad thing. But overall, I love it! Great job Scott!
I hope one day we will receive the mini games and be able to see a child's skull go crack in person... (Slightly psychopathic) but it was brilliant and Scott's next game will be a show stopper to. The games not much good if your deaf though :-D you can't hear Bonnie Chica or anything mind you you won't jump as much with the jumpscares
It seems like the running sound is playing even when I'm NOT running. It's a small issue, though I'd also like the cutscenes back. The game is  awesome, the best out of all of them.EDIT: around 4am night 3 it shuts me out of the day, making me restart. Please correct
This in my opinion is the best game in the series. It has amazing graphics and awesome gameplay and replay value. That being said no game this good comes without without its glitches. This game does crash on older models of some phone like mine but other than that I have found practicly no other glitches. Thanks for reading my review.
I wasn't too big of a fan with the earlier games but this one is absolutely amazing. Out of all of the games, its harder to grow old of the jumpscares and that what I love about this game. The only complaint I have is that you only included the "minigame" after night 6. Great job and I'm really looking forward to the dlc coming up!
The game is awesome... But the story line is impossible. If your the  victim of the bite then you wouldn't fear them. If you frontal lobe is gone you have no consciousness. But what do I know im only 11. But back then people payed doctors to chip out pieces of their frontal lobe, do they wouldn't fear anything.
I love the game itself, but twice now it has frozen up in the middle of the game because it wants me to collect all those m points.  If it's going to freeze up there's no point in keeping it, I can find this game elsewhere.
WORST THREE DOLLARS I EVER SPENT! I WISH I COULD GET MY MONEY BACK! YOU ANSWER A PUZZLE RIGHT IT SAYS ITS WRONG COMPUTER PLAYER SPELLS IT THE SAME WAY AND IT SAYS ITS RIGHT. THE COMPUTER PLAYERS CHEAT. I WISH I COULD GIVE IT NO STARS. IT WOULD BE A GOOD GAME IF IT DIDN'T CHEAT!😡😡😡😡😡😡😡👎👎👎👎👎👎
It is fun for the first few rounds then this stupid pop up keeps happening about winning points and will not go away even when you hit the "x". Then the game freezes, etc....it just goes downhill from there. Especially mad since I paid for the app and now I can not use it.               -An unhappy customer
so far I haven't been able to do hardly anything on the game. first I wanted to make my own character and after I did it would not let me save and start the spin. then when I finally used one of the already made ones and I started a game and it wouldn't let me spin at all and finally I guess the glitch went away and it spun and then when I tried clicking on the letter and nope nothing I tapped and tapped and tapped. So if you can't get it fixed I want my money back please and thank you!
It's a nice time waster game. You have to just get lucky on being able to play though. If you get a letter wrong, you won't get to play another until the next round. The pop ups are always in the way. Quiet disappointed with this.
Don't wast your money on this game. It suck's. Bad grafics. The hole game is a peace of cap. This is probly the worst game I ever spent my money
Great game but lots of glitches. Too many repeated puzzles when playing multi player. Should be able to use extra puzzles you can buy in the multi player as well. Wild card only works sometimes and there is never the big money on the mystery wedge. But the game is fun. Just needs some tweaking
I just bought this and the screen freezes and you can not exit the rewards bar out of it. I would like my money back if you guys don't fix it asap.
I would give this 5 star but on one To many occasions I did not receive thé proper payouts. For exemple hit à $70,000 line on a bonus game line and a X10 bonus win and pay out was only $70,000 not $700,000
Game was fun for awhile. I started buying chips with real money and then the game would freeze as I would get bonuses causing me to not receive my bonuses. Games are hard to win on. Very tight machines.  I sent a message asking for direction on how to either get my money back or credit me with the millions of chi o s I lost. I never received a response. Unistalling...
Addicting! I was never into casinos or.slots but i freaking love this game. My cousin and his wife were always playing this so i got curious, checked it out, and cant stop playing it!  Even got my boyfriend ADDICTED! Hahaha.. awesome.game!
The graphics are awesome but whatever you do don't be an idiot like me and give them your real money. I just lost 240,000,000 in coins in about 20 minutes and I was betting only 1,800,000. If you only use the coins they give you it's not too bad to lose.
Love the graphics. But dont spend money. I have spent more money on this app and they suck it from you. This is a money hungry app. Will keep playing but will never spend another dime on this one. It is bulls**t
Fun game. Not winning enough to continue playing. Takes too long to get to the bonus round and you run out of coins before the bonus round starts on Wall of Khan. Lose all of my coins win very small amounts. An hourly bonus would be better. Increase the pay out amounts for spins. Every time I play Wall of Khan I get one spot if I can even get that and then I'm out in the first round Uninstalled not worth keeping.Game does not payout
This game sucks. They will not refund your money if you accidentally make a purchase.  Don't download this game. I spent over 6 million chips and never got one free spin feature. Don't waste your time or space on your phone to download this game
Yet another game I thought I'd enjoy... I've uninstalled and reinstalled several times and all it does is make me pick a character and then pick a game and then starts over and over each time wanting a wait or close. Very disappointing. Done with games from this company and a few others.
Great game to pass the time. Easy to pick up and easy to put down. I really enjoy it.
Great game for both short or long sessions. Intuitive gameplay, fair price!
Very well made and fun. Make time fly buy and slot of stuff to do
Worth the dollar, instead of some free to play
Really addicting, enjoying it alot. Definitely worth the asking price
It's a simple and interesting take on endless wave style games. Would recommend it
Tower defence mixed with RPG elements.
Did not work on my phone for some reason, I tried it on my tablet and it was decent but the graphics were a bit blurry and then after I had completed the whole game it wouldn't cloud save.
The game doesn't start  . After downloading it it stays in black screen and says starting but nothing happens. . I want a refund 😑 or at least make it work
At first, I read the reviews and they sounded bad so I decided not to buy it because it may not work. Then, I decided to try it and it did work. No problems nor glitches at all. It's awesome. Works great with the Moto g.
I spent £4 on this game and it wasn't worth it. I  can't complete the lost world story because on the complex acuasion, the D pad won't stop glitching out and I have to spam click (select) in order to do anything. I want at least £2 back or a fix to this bug. Also in the Jurassic park 3 prologue there is a level where you have to climb up a vine, butt when you do it hurtles you out of the map  than kills you. PLZ JUST FIX IT
I played until where the indominus rex turns the raptors against you but ever since I went off of the game & try re open it it shows me the main menu so I click the invitation center ( or however you spell it ) and it takes me to the loading screen and then it just sends me back to my home  screen so can you please fix it ( my apologies if it doesn't make sense )
Re-downloaded game several times. There is music, but no effects. Even with that setting turned all the way up.
Works smoothly and fluid with great graphics and controls on my Nexus 6P. No crashes no Black screen. Fairly enjoyable albeit somewhat short. Edit: Starting yesterday I've been experiencing a black screen.
For some reason i cant seem to find the main hall level. I dont know if its not availible on android.BUT THE GAME IS STILL AWSOME
It's fun, addicting, and quick to play. Only down side is the one and only one button is so close to the phones back key so missing the jump button opens the "do you want to quit" while you watch you guy break his neck in the background.  Why can't I tap anywhere in the screen that's not a menu to jump? There's only one button, why not make it the whole screen?
I honestly don't know why this has so many stars.... It's the same lame flips every level. No new levels either, and after a while the game gets really boring. I want a refund bad, but the option went away. That's not even remotely fair, this game is horrible. Don't waste your money or time.
I wish it had a bit more depth of gameplay though. Like maybe the ability to chain back flips...like go into another back flip after landing....and/or hand springs. All still done with the single input though. I love the collision feedback...you can almost feel the pain! And i love the physics sandbox feel of the game.
So that bought this game about a month ago, I had no idea how much fun this would be. Every time I play this game I literally die from laughter every time! If you only have one dollar left on your device please try this game. I recommend this game to anyone!
I really love your game in addicted to it even though I finished it but I have a suggestion. How about ZERO GRAVITY! I think that would be cool but instead of tapping the screen multiple times you should have a menu made if you beat the game. Thanks! 😊
All you do is backflip...but it's there anything like future's? Front flip madness mode? But that would be great.  Good game, and thanks.  One problem, I can't look at leaderboard or take challenge, it won't do nothing when tapping on challenge or leaderboard.
Back flip madness is a great game. You do back clips off of stuff,  plus in free play mode, you can really do whatever you want.	My only comment is that you should make some more levels and achievements. Great job guys! :D
Simple addictive fun. Game works great with no bugs. Only problem I have is that I can't sign in in any way, open challenges or look at my achievements. More levels are also needed/wanted. Finished the game same day I bought it. Recommended!
Its great its like mu local pokies but in my pocket lol
Nice but not nearly enough coins
How can you rate a game that won't start up ? I deleted other games to install this game for nothing, no fun at all
Bonuses and free spins very rare. Can't win for losing.
Awesome thank you for the game !!!
Its ok not enough daily coins
Dont buy coins they will last less than 4 minutes no value for your dollor
I hate this game because this is  so NICE! I've been installing & uninstalling a lot of games due to my unsatisfaction. But this game? I don't think I can uninstall this. So cool!  Hope you could create a new robot that could teleport to make this game more exciting to play and allow us to buy gold with just our silver 'cause they just stock & so useless. Hope you'll consider that as well. Thank you men for this game! Awesome!
The game is really good. Does have a problem with the controls the bots freeze up or you're not able to move and shoot at the same time. I have contacted  them many times on this and all they say is clear the cache or reinstall. THEY NEED TO FIX THE CONTROLS!! And now with this new update you get your ass kicked against max leveled bots. Wtf. They just want you to buy everything.
I've just started playing. Though I have to offer my criticism up front. My primary issue is as an action title that the kinetics of the sprite collision need a bit more tweaking. There are several other titles similar to this game, with inferior graphics, that make you FEEL the clash and clang of sword play with more veracity.  Secondly, the sheer number of layers in game play are a bit daunting for a newbie. Complimentary, the smoothness, movement and voice acting are amazing. Good.
GM i have a problem its a chapter 3 quest and i need that purple shoulder thingy so i completed the chapter you know i get full of crap you know why i wanted that purple thingy soo bad and i lost it all my hard work pljs its a freaking r.4 item you can check my account if you want i got crap whyy.......!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Give me that item pls im lvl 44 guild Destroyer Name Yukki pls give me that item i'll give you five star.
Very good customer service. Had a simple problem earlier, submitted a ticket and had the problem fixed less than an hour. Hats off to the developers, good job! Online games are only worth it if they are fully supported with a good infrastructure, and GT Arcade clearly has it under their thumb. Salute
Great game but only a few issues 1st is the little bugs that happen every now and then when the monsters are glitched making seem like they are there which it isn't. second make all the classes have both genders instead of preset at least give us that option third I hate the we have to pay to become VIP 1 give that when all first begin and last I feel everything is overpriced fixed that especially in costume. Other than that the game is pretty awesome
I really love this game. I have played a good 30 hours in a week. The issue? I have never played a game SO huge on pay2win. I mean sure, putting money into a game is fine, I put 20 into it and it was fair. The issue stems from people putting 200+ and becoming gods. I was in a guild (#1 guild I must add) and 3 high paying people took on 10 of us. I just can't deal with it, I tried.
Action is very lackluster with one hit ko skills and movement locked skills. The multiple servers makes it a separated kind of experience. Graphics are good for the chars itself but not the maps. A lot of recycled mobs. A LOT of Internet connection problems here and there. It is arguably p2w already due to how the power system works here
Everything is fine but don't make pluder as PvP  Coz its so hard.... If a plunder is full of one guild then there is no possible chance for other players to make through.... Please change that..otherwise make a new area for PvP.... So it would be nice to play like that..... Any way game is awesome...and then make new more characters....
Will not let me click the egg.  Fix it
The controls should be more maneuverable. But good game so far
Great story line. And just great game all together
As far as I can tell, it is quite interesting as of now.
very good game to play
It's is a good Game I love and keep working on it!
So much addict
This game seriously needs a save on app switch feature... Get a phone call? App gets killed. Answer a text? App gets killed. Accidentally hit home? App gets killed. I realize it's android killing the app most of the time, but it's not a new concept. Handle it better!
This is one my favorite games, of all time. However, this mobile version does it a disservice. My biggest gripe for a long time was that there is no ability for cloud saves, or ever exportable saves.
I absolutely love this game, I have finished on PS1 version in the old day. And now, I can play it anywhere but...  It's always crash!! kick me out!!  I try to save every moves! “IT'S NOT RESOLUTION FOR PROBLEMS, IT'S JUST ADAPTATION”  Please, Square Enix...
I sank at least 300 hours into this game by the year 2000.  The new dialogue comes close to high fantasy at times and quite a few job abilities have different names.  Graphically, the game looks like it has a higher resolution, which is nice because you can now pinch to freely zoom in, zoom out, and rotate the battlefield.  Other than that, it looks like it did on the PS.  Touch screen controls work well.  -1 star for lack of bt controller support and 3 random crashes.  Update: Putting the game on the exception list of my automatic task killer, the "random crashes" dropped dramatically.
This game is good and works well but the android version does not have game pad support.  This is really annoying and makes it almost impossible to play on my android TV device.   Square please add Bluetooth game pad support!!
Great fun and customizability/replayability. I love the added cutscenes and surprisingly deep(ish) story. Very few errors, too; sometimes I have to reload the game when cutscenes don't load, but that's about it.
A week or two before the patch I stoped having crashes. I also usually planned my time to play so I would cancle every background running app and turn off all non emergency notifications.  I've not had a crash since and my sessions last an hour or two.
The game is great but you constantly have to keep saving your progress just in case the game crashes. I would like Square Enix to update this and then I'll give them a five star
I've loved this game since the original version and have owned them all. I just bought this game today while its on sale. The touch screen will take alil bit to get used to but seems to run fluently so far. Im glad i have something to do on the go now. I havent had any issues with lag or switching screens (minimizing until later) like some of the others have... I run an andriod stylus2 (through straight talk) its equivalent to the note.  👍Great work on it devs; keep it up!👍
Another great horror game from a good creator. But could you make the map smaller? I can't see the camera views, and springtrap is hard to see with static AND an overlayed  map. Other than that, an excellent port.
Its super scary. Its all in the anticipation though. I would have liked it if the jumpscares were more scary. Like it jump and scream when they happen but the animotronics arnt that scary but other than that its really scary and worth 3.00$ BUY IT RIGHT NOW!!
How are Phantoms Hackers? idk...Phantoms are sperents of the dead Children the unknown childrens.That's Why Foxy Freddy chica are sperents that's why There called phantoms...I'll tell you more...Know I'll tell you easter Eggs...Shan you go to cam 08 tap on the BB poster I will bring you to BBs Air Adventure!!! Get all of the ballons...I'll tell you more about BBS Air Adventure:)
Springtrap, never knew there would he a new animitronic, but damn fnaf 3 is tougher than the rest. Its so damn tough i cant get past night 4. But still great work scott. =)
I BEAT IT IN ONE DAY ONE TRY I ONLY DIED ONCE!! :-D Thank you for these demos! ☺ I enjoy them so much! You are the best game maker in history! And this! HISTORY OF GAMING! IM REDDY 4 FREDDY IN FNAF4! sadly its coming in October 31. I can wait! 🙋 thanks so much to the ppl that I watched to get a good ending! For android!
OK awesome game Scott and take time off man. Its still scary even though phantom foxy is the only one that was. Also please make springtrap more active in the vents because the vent jumpscare is so much more scary
Only screen controls available, no way to configure a bluetooth joypad. This breaks it for me by not providing an immersive experience. It does look and sound great running on an €85 phone bought in March of 2016. The game serves its purpose for taking a spin in the familiar GTA 3D canon's Liberty City.
Rockstar is dumb enough to let players like me get to the other cities without doing missions. Also most of the packages are visible. Hint: Go to Staunton Island and go to the big red building
I figured out a fix. Galaxy tab 7. Wifi only. After weeks of hoping for updates I started some trouble shooting. To get the download to work: set location with gps and wifi. Change your time zone to pacific time and match the time on your device to match the time of redwood city california (EA games main HQ) I also set auto updates for apps. Do a full reset on device and the download started when i opened the game. The game works well, I like the controls. I hope this helps any one that has the same problem
According to the app that directed me to install it, this title was supposed to be compatible with my new MOBA controller. After opening the GTA3, I waded through the cut scenes only to find that it wasn't working. I looked around in the controls settings to see if there were any available options but there was nothing. Ultimately I wanted to return the game due to this incompatibility but I must have waited too long to do so because the only option I have is to Uninstall it.
After latest update data not downloading! Pls fix. Update Nov 25:  everybody is complaining about downloading the data. How long does it take to wake up and fix it? To everybody: DON'T DOWNLOAD THE GAME, DON'T PAY FOR IT COS IT'S NOT WORKING!!!!! Update Dec. 9: downloading finally. Just wonder if the Forli campaign is still present cos after reinstall I have to pay again!!! Update Dec. 26: server overload! Fix it
I thought it too good to be true to get such a game for just 1$ and I was right there is a shop in game that sells power. You seem to be able to get by fine without it though. The graphics and animations are quite good but the controls are really annoying you will often run up a wall you didnt want to go up or just move in a place you didn't want to go. It's alright though for 1$
I absolutely love the franchise but after paying for the app I haven't been able to play it as it simply does not load! Stays on the loading screen and shows 944MBS in top left. I have no issues with my internet at all. I have read online this is a common issue so please can it be sorted or can I have my money back.
Being a fan for a long time, I hoped that a game app would come out but now that it is here I can't help but notice the extremly off controls, that just ruin any enjoyment in the actual game. It simply feels like a chore. It is well designed and interesting but the controls are very bad. Maybe have them less sensitive or have the walk press on the screen not control the camera... There are many ways to fix this. In conclusion, I love Assassin's Creed games and this is just a small bug.
AC identity is the best game played on android. Big fan of ubisoft. The only problem I'm facing is with gamesir gamepad. Only left joystick works. No camera or action keys are working. Hope to hear soon from ubisoft or someone who can help.
I downloaded and installed the game yesterday but when I first open the game, it started download some data and now it stucks at 462mb remain. I really love Assassin's creed and I really want to play this game. Please help me. P/s: my internet connection is perfectly normal.
Graphics is top notch. Gameplay is enjoyable.. But wtf! Can't you guys put on a decent controller support? Its funny how a small indie developer can attach a proper support and a triple A dev cant. I think it's just plain old lazy.---- I'll uninstall this for now. Let me know once you updated the controller support.
This game crashes my phone alot whenever i do boss battles, please help and it'll get a better rating
Pretty damn good. Plentiful selection of characters for every type of style, sleek & colorful UI, nonstop action, etc.. Throwing in PVP gameplay would it over the top
scammed. already saved a progress but evrytime i keep on pressing save and restore data it goes back to the beginning to where i first saved my data. not on the previous data i saved with.
I played it for a short amount of time but it just kept crashing plz fix
have lots of way to earn gem but fun for now. dont put auto its more fun like this
Failed to transfer data once I hoped it will work on long run
Awesome bang for your buck! Only gripe I have is how long it takes the map to show up... Don't know the optimization required for this but a mini map would help tons!
So far played over 10 hours and there's an endless amount of content! Game play is fun and addicting, and the quests and boss fights are worth the challenge. The game has a great sense of humor! Totally worth the cost.
Only thing it lacks is character development. E.g. levels, skills, etc.
This is definitely one of the best android games period. The amount of content is huge, the characters are funny and lovable, and the storyline is great. The best way to spend hours on your phone.
Best RPG on a mobile device. I haven't been this addicted to a game in a long time. Just don't want to stop playing it.
THIS GAME IS THE BEST. ITS SUPER ADDICTIVE. I PLAYED A BUNCH AND COMPLETED THE GAME. I don't see any problems. Except there should be a 2nd game to this. Something on the lines of "Crashlands: Flux's return" or simply "crashlands 2" were she got stranded some were else or is trying to get back after awhile and said her goodbyes.   IMPORTANT PART: Maybe this mush up of ideas - After awhile Flux decides to say goodbye and put together a spaceship and get back to home planet but mid way blah blah blah she has crashed on another planet. And so begins the new game. TAH DAH!
I have no words, this game is amazing. Shut up and take my money
Bigger & better than The Room 1 & 2 (but recommend starting with these). The developers have incredible creativity in devising all the puzzles, whether little standalone puzzles (eg navigating a maze) or collecting & using objects.  Took me over 9 hours to complete with all endings (using some of the in-game hints!). Well designed learning curve, from a simple start to the full height of the game. Graphics are incredible & sound adds to the atmosphere. The game also never once crashed or got stuck. Perfect!
Everything about The Room series has so many amazing qualities. The gorgeous detail, music on startup, gameplay, I could go on forever. They actually remind me of the pc games Myst and Riven. For me, they are by far, the No. 1 games on Google play and also well worth the price.  Let's see if you guys can pull of another sequel. I strongly recommend this to all players. You won't be disappointed.
I love all of the room games. So far no other puzzle games compare. Definitely spend the few bucks as there is nothing quit like this and oh so very pretty. I am about to start my second round in the room 3 as you can play it though a few times with different out comes. Gives me my fix well I wait for 4 to come out
When I first played the first Room game I absolutely loved it! The Room 2 topped that one but then The Room 3 just blew them out of the water! This is hands down the single best mobile game I have ever played and trust me it is definitely worth the 5 bucks to play. To get all endings took me about 5 hours and I plan on playing through all 3 games again. Easily 6 out of 5 stars
Another great installment to the series. Much longer and more challenging than the first two, but also quite well thought out. Very well made. I finished all 4 endings, but I can't say I understood what it means. So I'm a bit let down by the ending. Nonetheless, the game is great. I especially loved the way some puzzles require you to go 'inside' a device using your eyepiece, then sometimes you go deeper still. How very Inception of you! The level of detail in the game is amazing. Buy the first two, also!
I have all 3, and also 1&2 for steam... These games are awesome! The only thing that could make it better is VR compatibility. I've played many other escape and puzzle games and absolutely none of them have the complexity, challenge, or ambiance of the room series. This is a must have series for any serious gamer or intellectual!
8:30:13 to complete all endings. I only needed Google once but the game was still very challenging. Please tell me there will be another sequel! :D maybe with VR capability? P.s. cloud save isn't very good, glad I could disable it. Would be nice to have a pc Port of this one too
Just finished room 3 and this is the best game I've ever played .... Thanks to the developers for there outstanding work creating this awesome game. Love it so much and recommend this game to all. Hope there's gonna be a room4. OK. So it's the next day so let me edit this.... I thought I was finished but then it came as a surprise I'm stuck in the game... Hmmm.. After alot of brain storming I finally got it finished for real now and have unlocked all achievement's  and found all secrets.
I had a little difficulty at first but it is up and running now and seems to be working well. There are some good webpages for help by searching on Google. I suggest reading a few of these after purchase. Good app though, no lag from what I can tell and decent controls.
Besides running perfectly on my Note 4 with a Gamesir controller, this emulator has a built in VR mode! Amazing! With that enabled, it turns my 5.7" display into a whooping 80 - 100" virtual display. That is fantastic and I wish more emulators would do the same!
Pros: 1. Automatically detect any controller (ipega/ps4 wireless controller) 2. We can download cheat codes in game 3. Really worth the price. Cons: 1. Didn't meet any cons until now
Btw sorry about the last review. I was just noob, because I could not find the "Dualshock" layout. I found it now and I forgot to say, that I fully recommend this app. It's working most of games, that I used to play, when I had a PS1. ❤😊👍👏
Works great. Some games like ff7 get a little buggy but other then that it work perfectly. Can automatically download cheats but sometimes can crash if you have them on
Just bought this to support the PC version that I have been using for years now.  I glad I did. It runs smoothly on my Asus MeMO Pad HD7.  Right now I'm playing FF9 (NTSC-U),  no errors or lags.  I just use the BIOS from my PC version.  Pretty easy to setup once you skim through the developer's website. It seems to be very battery friendly too for my device.  I love that it support faqs and cheats.
So far, so good. I'm enjoying it. Only just started playing it. Great graphics. And u can play it offline! Nice!    Just one thing... it won't let me play now.. even with an Internet connection it kicks me off the loading screen???
When I am fighting the green goblin and when it lets me hit him the punch button goes away and then when it stops letting me punch him the punch button goes back to its spot so plz fix it then I will rate 5 stars 🙂
It keeps saying that the game is "downloading profile" and the game itself doesn't start.  This is absolutely outrageous. I want a refund for this absolute waste of time.
Don't get me wrong, this game is amazing like it said. However, i found myself doing the exact same thing over and over again. I wished there were different type of cities you go to or maybe have more missions and more villains. Consider new characters as well.
When I play this game its fun, but when in battle I get hit by an enemy most or all of my health is gone. And in boss battles Electro Goblin etc, its really annoying when you get defeated and have to start most of the mission again.
It was a great game until I got to a level where I need the health packs to survive the boss fight but I died just before the end. Now that is the only mission I am able to do and as I've ran out of money I can't get any more health, this means I'm stuck doing the level on minimum health unless I use IAP to get more. What a way to ruin a great game with the in all purchases! Also it seems a much worse than the previous and the camera view is too zoomed in with no option to zoom out.
I liked the game at first was like this is going to be a good game, I have played the same game on Xbox one over and over again as soon as I noticed Spiderman can just swing from a web anywhere on the map Is ridiculous where's the fun if he can't swing from building and objects his web can get to not the dam sky
Initially this game did not work on my Nexus 5X but the issue has since been fixed. I really like this game but there are some bugs. Every once in a while it freezes in the middle of a battle. The Cave of Solitude card seems to have a bug with it, where if one of my other creatures are destroyed the creature with the Cave of Solitude dies as well, even though it's defense and attack should increase when I lose a creature.
I love this game. What I don't like is that the game sometimes hangs up. On occasion, hearts I use to buy a round get lost when the game hangs up or stalls. I've spent real money on gems to buy hearts which some get lost due to game locking up or hanging during a round. Most of the time all works well so I give a 5 minus 1 for the glitch. I only wish there was a way to get a refund of hearts lost unfairly :)
I have been playing this game for a while now. It is fun to play, but... some things like only good cards are from chests bought with gems. Now there are two ways to get these gems.one is to buy them with cash. The other is the daily reward. Only the daily reward is rigged... see i have been playing daily to get this spin at a chance to get gems. A month....daily.....spinning this thing. Every time it is hearts or 10,000 coins.(enuf to buy the crappy chest) will change my rate to 5 if i ever get a gem....
I would give zero stars if i could i spent 26 dollars on this game to not be able to even open it! I dont dont know about you but, in case anyone dosent know this we can sue if we paid over 20 dollars to this game and then they wont fix the problem in a month, and its been more than a month
You need to solve the many problems the game has!! Its so expensive is the least you can do. There is no background music when playing against some characters (bubblegum princess for example)  and even in the extra fionas part the problem persists!! It also crushes a lot!!
I've played this game for a week now and it's a pretty awesome game. Although I came across a glitch that was very irritating to me. I understand you get damaged when you don't have any more deck cards based on your level, but I received too much damaged that was not equivalent to my level which instantly killed me. It was very annoying that I didn't get to keep the rewards which was a lot of gold and x3 3 star chests. Pls fix this
Love adventure time. Hate this game. Too many issues. And takes them a year to fix them. I went through and got all stars to get gems, came back the next day and all my gems were gone and the map was set up like i didn't even play. I'm done with this crap already
I play this game on my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 (2014 Edition) I bought the Fiona and cake adventure because I love card games and floop functionality is amazing the only problem is that when I play for a while in some occasions the program quits unexpectedly. Wish you can fix this Cartoon Network Devs. Other than that loving the game so far and I'm having tons of fun playing it. would give five stars if the little bug I keep having does not crash so freaking much.
I got this game like two weeks after it came out if I remember and I love it I love all of Ninja Kiwi's stuff I used to play them on the site and now I have it on my phone that is even better.
Sometimes gets a little glitchy with lots of bloons, but overall it's a lot of fun with great replay potential to keep you entertained for a while. Worth the cost.
The game is amazing, I just wish there were more levels. if your a completionist this game may take a while to complete. I calculated that buying all the upgrades for the normal supermonkey alone will cost at least 13 million blops!
Super addictive just like all of the Ninja Kiwi games! An excellent shooter/upgrade game that's fun yet challenging. Fairly easy to get the bronze medals and excitingly challenging to get the diamond! Definitely worth the $2.99
Enjoying the franchise. Good shooter. Only thing I can gripe about is the problem clicking into a level.  Have to push dozens of times to enter. Good game overall
I've always been a fan of KOTOR ever since it came out. To see a port for Android was awesome! I love playing it again, and it's nearly as great as it was on the computer. However, for some reason, I can't add or change any crystals on my lightsabers, so experience is definitely lessened. I can still mod the blasters, vibroblades, and armor, but not the lightsabers. Any fixes to this problem would definitely change this 4 star review to a 5!
No glitches so far and the game runs smoothly! This was my favorite game when I was nine but I could never finish it because of lags and glitching. Now I can finally finish the game and play as much as I want. ALL HAIL LORD REVAN!!!                                           Edit: The game played great! Loved the added dlc of the Yavin Station! No bugs, perfect role attack gameplay, beautiful as always. And nothing is taken away. Perfect KotOR.
It's safe to say this may be my favorite game of all time!Thanks for making such a great port. Without it I might not have ever had the chance to experience this AMAZING game.What's the possibility of a KOTOR 2 port(Please respond)?I'd buy it immediately. No matter the price.
Unlike the PC version, this one flows smoothly on the tablet. Harder to control the swoop bikes, I would prefer to do a left/right screen tap to control. Gun turret control is highly more difficult as well, trying to turn and tap to shoot. All in all this is a great game that gets you thinking. And if you bring back KOTOR2 I will get that one too!
Its usually a good game, ive payed it on my sisters phone and loved it so much I got it for myself. But whenever I try to play the characters are red, you cant see there faces, clothes or anything only there silhouette in red. Ive tried uninstalling it and getting it again and ive tried restarting my tablet but it didn't work. Please help I love this game.
This is a great game, my favorite since I downloaded it. One tiny problem though is that my characters will turn completely black sometimes and my lightsaber blades turn gray. If you could fix the issue I will be happy. Please come out with the 2nd kotor to android and apple mobile
Unbelievably good. I am amazed at the depth and length of this game. I felt like a Jedi. Touch screen controls are meh, but as it is an rpg not a big issue. However use a ps3 controller and the controls are fantastic especially for the swoop bike races. I can't believe I never played it when it came out. Better than mass effect, maybe?just watched force awakens going to play kotor again!
Awesome game, I love it! Only down fall and if possible for next update, modify the controls when your in a space battle..I find it difficult to control the turrent and shoot, like you have to line up your cross hairs then shoot and hope you hit the enemy fighter. I've died a few times where if the controls were better, it would be easier. Control the turrent on one side of the screen and shoot on the opposite, be better I think!
It needs to be louder because I can almost never hear it and I wear earbuds and have my phone full blast. Thx. AND to everyone who wants minigames Scott might be doing the same thing as in FNaF 3 where you beat it once and you go to beat it again you have minigames. And Scott you are awesome keep up making the fun games your games are popular because of the quality work put into it. So keep it up.
Ive been playing FNAF since the first game I've bought all your fnaf games and I really think its worth it! I was sad when i saw a thing that said this is the final chapter but you put lots of work and time into these games which is all anyone could ask for. Yours sincerely, Rhia~ PS I hope you have another surprise for us!❤
I give this 5 stars because it's fnaf. Here are some improvements that you need to work on though. Try getting some of the Fred Bear minigames in the game. I also think this needs a little improvement on the graphics. It's sort of laggy and needs to be updated. I understand this is Version 1.0, but just saying, when you update it, please make it better. Thanks Scott! 😊
I love this new and disturbing chapter in the FNAF saga, but the lack of mini games (which are an integral part of the story) is unfortunate. I know nothing about game development but imagine it can't be too difficult to incorporate them into the mobile port. Otherwise, the game as a whole is great. You deserve all of your success.
Now that the game has suddenly stopped crashing (probably me phones fault :/) I had a chance to play on. I'm extremely surprised this worked at all on mobile! Even on this, the game still scares me... As if the original pc version wasn't enough. Great games, great series and all done by an awesome developer.
Dear Scott... I love your FNaF saga but, This time it kinda makes me mad when I try to continue the night I die on since it crashes at the switching of 12AM to 1AM. If you could please fix this I would and most likely anyone who doesn't wanna speak up about this bug would too. Thanks!
I was wondering, is it possible to open the box, that would be awesome, and, with this, it says five NIGHTS at Freddy's, but technically it is five MORNING'S at Freddy's. But oh well cause fnaf sounds better then fmaf, so I get why you did that Scott. Also, YOU CAN NOT LEAVE US WITH THIS, THERE HAS TO BE MORE, MAKE A FNAF 4!!!! Also it is kind of laggy, so please fix, thanks
You managed to top all the FNAF games! Really sad to see it go, but I am glad you stopped before you "milked" the series dry. Really excited for the DLC! People are also hating on you for making this game to get money, but isn't that kinda your job? They need to understand you made this game for us, and you have worked hard on them! Thank you Scott. FNAF will be missed
So I really like the app, it's highly addictive, I play it all the time but how in the world can you make a paid for app with no option to turn off the sound? I can't listen to anything if my headphones are plugged in because the sound just plays over what I'm listening to. I hate having to have my phone muted in order to play this game peacefully without annoying game sounds.
I enjoy the game and the app.  However, I am not impressed with paying for the app and getting repeat puzzles and I have been playing for only a week.  If I pay this much for an app, I would expect a much wider variety of puzzles to solve without repeating them.
This game is one of the best games to ever play...problem is, I can not play it because it gets stuck every time that I click on the app. The even saddest part about it all is that I had bought this app and I can't even play this game AT ALL! If anyone plans to purchase this game, you're in for a big disappointment! Even though it's only $2.99, it is not worth spending your hard earned money on.
This game sucks. I want my money back. Non-stop bankruptcies. The graphics seem archaic compared to the other games out there. The spinning of the wheel is slow. Once you hit spin it should automatically spin for you. But why even bother spinning  when all you're going to do is get bankruptcy? There's another version of the game that is much better but you only get one turn at a time. So this game needs to be improved immensely!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have had a couple of hiccups, but overall, worth the $2.99 I paid! One thing I am not a fan of is the ocassional spelling errors in the answers.
The game itself is fun but my big gripe is that I am not able to sync my progress across devices. My avatar comes over, but not my actual gameplay. Also the lack of in game music/voice over is disappointing.
Where's Vanna White?! You can't have Pat just by himself. She doesn't even have to move, just stick her on either end of the puzzle. Also, there needs to be an express piece just like there is now in real life.
BEAT GAME I'VE PLAYED YET
So much fun and diversity in repetition!
Great game. Lots of fun and easy to understand. Good for a quick round or long play.
I love the sound track !!!!! I love the stile of this game I wish more games had the same graphics
Great game love the retro feel and the nice game play as well as the smooth feel of the controls
All seems above par to this little dungeon base defense game.
Just a perfect game. Worth the money. Look at gameplay online. This game is really addictive.
The problem isn't the game your phone software is out of date, I was complaining but after I update my software my phone was faster and the game worked much better I really love this game its so awesome. Not for Android 4.4.4 try 5.0.2
Cant load the game keeps saying no space but definitely is space. Brother happily playing game on his tablet .   Now i have been charged twice for it. Not happy ive lost so much pocket money.
The game is nothing like pc or ps or xbox dont be fooled plus theres half of the game missing and u cant have rome of island like pc ect just stuck to one view wish could in stall it and get my money back
Dont work or start n it took 30 min to load on wifi which i have 75mbps which is crazy bc other game only take 3 sec to download when this happen i know this game was bad dont buy until they fix it or update for every 1
I love the game. The controls work well, gameplay is great. There are 2 reasons I didn't give it 5 stars; the task/puzzles could be more challenging, and the when I pause the game for a while it starts over.
It uses SOOOO much storage...Take SOOOOO long to install...JUST......TERRRIBLE. I REALLY WANT A REFUND. And it looks REALLY fun.
The only reason this game is not getting a 5 star is because there are some sound problems and the cut scenes are often blurry and not clear. Other then that the game is addictive, fun and funny.
Took me over an hour to download as it's a big game and keeps saying unfortunately lego jurassic world has closed I want a refund
I completed all the levels and now I'm kinda bored with it so can you please add some new levels or something? Or maybe an update for more cool stuff? Like a moon level where lunar gravity automatically comes on for it? That would be cool.
Great game, and really addicting. But the challenges could be more difficult. Like having a running start, for one. And with larger maps.  Free play should give us the option of moving the jumper. If there is a jump, other than the first one, that needs practice.
Whenever I try to go into the challenges/achievements, the game refuses and closes it immediately. I already beat the normal game and really want to try out the extra challenges. The game itself is quite good, but I'm being kept from content I paid for.
I've been playing this for maybe a year or two now and I still love to try new things and challenge my friends. But I would reaaally love if you guys added some content, or maybe a level editor or something. Still the only game I've played this consistently 10/10
😀Very hard and very addictive 😀 (go to settings and there's the option to switch to ninja suit) to be honest i saw this game because of PEWDIPIE on YouTube, but damb this game is great me and my cuz played for a week then got bored i couldn't pass a level going to try again
Like others said it it can be difficult. I beat it within a day so i wouldn't be mad if it were more difficult. Needs at least twice as many levels. Can't give it a 5 feel wrong for giving it a 3 but 1 night for a dollar? Not very good.
I downloaded this and have mot stopped playing it since! Great physics,  three level of speed. Different challenges, only complaint is that you have to start over each level when you're out of tries...wish there was a check point for each level.
This game has good picture quality and is very addicting!! This game also has a lot of challenging and hard levels. It gets frustrating, but keeps me going back. And if you think you have finished your not. I keep beating my old scores
I really like this game, but there just isnt enough there. More outfits,  more levels. Maybe a setting so you can change the screen sideways or vertical. Definitely let the user be able to drag your guy (when hes alive) where they want so they can do flips in other places, besides the ones you give us. Also a girl avatar would be nice
Great game. I play it all the time
Good game,,like it
I finally got my first legendary
Great game so far very enjoyable
Its a very good time killer
this game is so fun ! incredible game everr !!
Somewhat pokemon
Sadly another Square Enix game that doesn't work well on current generation Android. Shortly after starting Chapter 2 the game stops responding and can't continue foward. Tried progressing with my second save and same thing happens. Hoping this doesn't end up like Final Fantasy or FF Dimensions which I purchased and had simmilar issues with aswell.
This is without a doubt the best turn-based RPG ever. However, I can only play it for 10-15 mins after it being forced to stop.
The game initially had crashing issues, which seem to have been fixed.  Otherwise is a great game.  However, I have removed 4 stars because of the lack of cloud saving or some way of transfering saves.  Traded in my phone and lost almost 80 hours of playtime.  This feature is present in the iOS version and also some other Final Fantasy games, so it is very possible to do.  If/when this feature is added, I will definitely rate 5 stars.
This is an amazing game and deserves 5 stars. However, the game itself cannot excuse the unacceptable amount of crashes that frequently occur. You cannot save during a battle, so you can spend a grueling time trying to win a battle only for the game to crash before you have a chance to save, thus losing your progress. Hardly worth the current price as a result! For a fraction of the cost go buy a decent emulator instead. It's a much better value until they fix the crashes.
I was so excited when I saw this finally on android! And then I saw that it was on sale and got even more excited for it.  Haven't ran into any issues with it except for it crashed once on me but I haven't had that issue since.
I thought the second game was hard. If anyone wants a challenge play fnaf 3. This game is impossible, and who knew one animatronic is a hard thing to handle. When I found out there was one animatronic I thought this was going to be the easiest one, but I was wrong. Very very wrong. On ya did you know there is a bad ending and a good ending. Getting the good ending is hard I keep messing up, and I have to start over from night one. I wonder if Scott is going to make a fnaf 4 that would be nice.
On my Samsung galaxy A3 when ever I start a night the guy is breathing heavy even tho nothing has happened yet. It's hard to hear what's going on because of it. Would rate 5 star if you fixed this
You are one awesome guy. The updates are constant and you put so much work in - the mobile version now has almost all of the PC version effects! And you even offer refunds! So I bought it. And you know what? It exceeded expectations!
What i liked about this one was the intensity to the atmosphere and not to mention how it gets my heart pounding when i know that Springtrap is out there, and coming for me. It reminded me of Alien Isolation because there is one true enemy that can kill you. I liked how the kids were finally free. This would be 5 stars but not today because I was hoping by now I would learn the identity of the killer but I was disappointed. Now I learn there is a FnaF 4: The Final Chapter and it looks spooky. Good.
Challenging, and makes you not afraid of the animatronics or afraid of them. It kinda depends how afraid you are or depends on the person you are. I am not saying this is true. It might be. P.S. when is Five Nights at Freddy's 4 coming out? But I  know that it is the last game of the Five Nights at Freddy's series. And I love the graphics. Great job!!
I love this game I am on night 4 but sometimes I see springtrap on one of the cameras away from the office. I put the cam down and he jumpscares me. Other than that love it. Also I haven't seen phantom foxy yet. What does he look like?
Hopefully Scott decides to not stop making FNAF, FNAF 4 could take place in fredbear's family diner and there could be some holes ;). Great game, worth the $2.99 by far. There are still some issues with pink lines in the game but it doesnt affect the gameplay.
I recently just bought a gamepad just to play this game. The game detected my gamepad, but i can pnly moves the character around only with the left joystick. There is no actions on other buttons. Is there only specific gamepad that can run properly for this game, or is there others who's facing the same problem as i am?? The gamepad work smoothly on other games but not for this game though...
On Note 4 Edge, after downloading the game which took overnight. It won't load more than 50%. The loading screen will not disappear, and i can hear the sound the city, tapping top right corner seems to pause the sound. Never managed to play the game, despite paying for it.
The new 'update' is absolutely useless. My character is a black silhouette, and I'm unable to use any of my weapons or actions other than being able to wark or run. Worthless game. And to think that I spent money on this garbage. Ubisoft can't even fix the simplest of issues, even after soo many months. Pathetic!
This is one of the best games I've played on android. Still feels a little bit like its on rails, but there is a lot of content and sub plots. The feel is very much like the first assassin's game without cut scenes. I allow .01 off the stars for people that try to play using crap phones and rate it low for their lack of ability to play. The rating made me wait til it was on sale. If I would have known it was this good, I would have paid full price long ago. Come on people bring up the rating! Sale=20stars
Graphics are fine, gameplay is decent. The touch controls are garbage. And I paid for this, and you want me to spend more money just to get more missions? No. I already gave you money. Id rather you charge this as a $5 game and give the full game instead of micro transactions.
The Game is very short and gets very repetitive and monotonous.  For a game of this size and franchise I expect cut scenes with music and dialogue,  but it's entirely absent.  No free roaming in the game and open world aspect.  It's expensive when one stays with the initial purchase only to find one has to pay for most quality upgrades.  Ubisoft I truly expect more from you.
Everything's great. I just want a friggin jump button like the Zombies Avengers version
I would give it 5 stars!! If this garbage wouldnt mess with the network error!! Why cant i connect anymore!!
Love the paid version. Wish there wasnt individual game releases for purchasing new characters
The game is everything I want in a time waster, but they need to fix there purchasing, I bought a weekly pack GPA1301-2085-5854-83861 but have yet to receive it in game.
I delete this game to free some space on my phone, reinstalled it again and then google+ login fail. RIP MY SAVE FILE
It dark gross and confusing DO NOT BUY!
3 updates later and I still can't even collect daily rewards. How about fixing bugs before making new skins
This game is very addicting and I am distracted for hours also I like how the story
Great game. This is such a fun game. Lots to explore and do. Love the look and feel of the artwork. I would recommend getting this app. Developers continue to update and improve the app. Good job dev team.
I really think this game is amazing because it just has that feel where you just won't stop the only thing I dislike is the boss fight against the head dude it's nearly impossible for me
A $5 version compared to Steam's 15. Sweet mighty Trump! Game only costs 100mb of system storage wtf? Lo and behold, it's the dawn of a new era for mobile gaming!
One of the rare games that can hold my attention for longer than an hour without uninstalling and moving on to something different. Now that there is controller support, are there any plans for NSATV support?
Like the humor,gameplay, controls and the graphics. This game is addictive. Support for gamepad is great!
So after being a bit sceptical of paying more money for the last game, I took the risk. And it payed off. The first two games were great fun, but this was intriguing, challenging and rewarding! Well played, Fireproof Games. Can we have a fourth now please?
Thes guys at Fireproof are amazing. Have played through all 3 versions of "The Room". All 3 were spectacular. No other puzzle game has ever kept me so enveloped and involved before. A few years ago i downloaded the first one, beat it and had to install the second one immediately. I couldnt get enough. And then i just found out about the 3rd last week and just now finished it. The creativity and complexity of these games is unreal. Fireproof, keep doing what your doing. I await any further projects!!
I played the other two games and loved em. But when I try to start a new game with this one it crashes. I can launch the game, go to a profile, but when I hit start it loads a bit then closes. I'd love to play this. The other two were so much fun. Can the devs please find a solution for this? Not sure if other people are having this issue.
Gameplay is superb, to keep your mind thinking trying to figure out all the puzzles very ingenious way of going about it. I would like to give it a 5 but it's too dark and difficult to play unless you're in a dark environment. When your next episode comes out lighting the background a little bit and you will get a 5 star out of me
Loved the first one, second one never was on sale so I skipped it still waiting for a sale. This third one was very enjoyable and a huge improvement over the first. However, I had a difficult time figuring out the alternate endings. There were no hints on how to complete different endings, as if if was impossible without some YouTube support. I hope there'll be a fourth.
This is by far the best of "The Room" series. The level of intricately designed puzzles evolve into even more intricate puzzles. The graphics are the best in the business, continuing to surprise me as they reveal their hidden secrets.  It, at times, took me two days to complete a chapter. Please I beg you to continue creating more and more of "The Room" series. I am totally addicted!!
Works perfectly, the only gripe I have is, I wish there were a way to bind functions to hardware. Like, Savestate =RS works, but I'd also like Loadstate=L1+RS. So that way, you can have more without fumbling with the phone when you're holding the controller. Otherwise, perfect app.
Running this app on a zte zmax (a fairly under powered phone) runs great. Playing Megaman Legends at 60FPS!!!! That's insane. The only complaint is the sound. There's a bit of a delay fairly often in the sound. Other than that it runs near perfectly!
I've missed the old PSone games and this app truly brought back the nostalgia. I love this app though it's still different when playing on a controller. It's a bit bugged too and there are noticable sound delays in the games. Tekken 3 has some lag and spyro 2 is really hard to control.
Galaxy S4 - This app is incredibly fast, looks great, and sounds great.  I can see how some might feel its hard to setup, but that comes with all disc based game emulators.  It's just like on PC, however theres  great support for those who get overwhelmed by the terminology, you should not be deterred from getting this app if it catches your interest.  Also VERY reasonably priced.  Thanks much!
This game is not only fun, but has great graphics, good controls and the best thing is if you have to uninstall this game for any reason you do not loose your in-app purchases. Very excellent fun game. Highly Recommended&lt;\b&gt;
Last version I had given it 3 stars because it always lagged and weighted a lot. Also, it was repetitive as hell. This update basically took away everything I didn't like and replaced it with something perfect. Congratulations Gameloft. You deserve your 5 stars
Gameloft please reply me.the game work smooth some time and again lagging.the game is very good. It works on 1.2 snapdragon and not  work on 1.6 exyno.please help me
Touch mechanics actually work well in this game, you have a whole New York city to swing around in, runs perfectly smooth on my S7. Best game I've bought!!
Downloaded this a couple of times in hopes that it would work, but after a year, it still doesn't work. Money spent on crappy app. Thanks for nothing...
Awesome game, great updates. Glad it's supporting latest devices, some games fall off :-( missing Batman Dark Knight. But glad to see Spiderman MotoG4
Being a huge fan of spiderman and having played the amazing spiderman on my Xbox 360 (not the gameloft one) I'd say this is worth every cent. Go get it if you like spiderman ☺
Good gameplay and music, etc but there's a bug with the sound effects and graphics, whenever i wanna change to high quality since my phone can handle it but the graphics are the exact same as the optimal one, major bug going on here and sound effects kinda lag a bit. Fix pls.
I remember buying this game when it first released, but my old tablet broke and I was really sad when I discovered that I can't have the cards I previously had.... So that kinda saddens me. But today I'm thinking of restart in the game! Plz let me know if there is cloud save!
After being a big fan of the actual card game I was exciting about this. Unfortunately the fighting mechanism has a stupid spinning wheel/tap the screen mechanism rather than actually being about the cards facing one another making it more about luck than actual tactics. I'm rather disappointed
Game is very addicting, good time killer. However, a pay for play shouldn't have to wait for hearts to refill in order to use the game. Also for a paid game there are a lot of bugs. Game freezes frequently in the middle of play, so you'll lose hearts and play time. Also don't like gem system, when you earn all the gems the only way to get more is to buy them.
This game works perfectly on my Samsung galaxy GRAND Prime, Its super addictive & fun.. it has no bugs that is related to the other reviews.. Remember You must own a device that is capable of running the game, Other than that.. I recommend this game to everyone.  (BOTS currently taking over and losing for people to be in the top score, kinda cheesy at the same time easy for matches.)  *Bought Fiona & Cake Pack, didnt know google takes another 4.00$ extra for "Services" kinda dissapointed about that.
In this game you just fight some people which place 1card dealing 80%of your hero's damage on an empty line and you loose. if you run out of cards you spend a gem or loose. The game is basically be lucky to win, no strategy at all with this and you fight the device only itself. I am disappointed of this game
Had to reinstall as the previous file corrupted. It occasionally closes down mid battle. Overall good for adventure time fans, plays similar to the episode of the same name. Requires some strategy as you progress. I play this too much then get fed up as it can get repetitive. Gems aren't as abundant for getting rarer cards with higher stats. The tournament can be entertaining.
This is a super math game but I will be on a huge winning streak on deck wars and it will FREEZE. It happens when someone doesn't play a card and it moves into battle phase. This is so rage inducing and frustrating. When this is fixed there will be a certainty of 5 stars.
I love this game on both computer and mobile and was very excited to see it here, I wish there were more levels but getting 100 percent completion will take a while. Over all I love this game
Game works great.  Gets glitchy when their are too many bloons. I would love to see some thing new in the game regularly.
This game needs more levels because it need  s a storm area with BFB and ZOMG and also I can only get Teri 4. Plz help me. Make it a lower price. For the red blogs
I've definitely put lots of hours into this game.  1.1.1 update covered all of the bugs I noticed plus well needed some weapons balancing.   The new content on 1.1 update added lots of reply value.   Nice work
Lag in later levels when there are lots of bloons on the screen is really annoying and makes it hard to play at times
The only reason I give it a 4 star rating is because of the lack of content. Everything else (controls gameplay graphics) 5 stars. If you give more content I will give you a 5 star.
It's fun but why does the tier 6 storm monkey push away bloons from the screen instead of popping them? This causes me to loose in the weekly missions please fix
Fun game game lags in later levels. Needs more levels and less shielded balloons. Roos are way to expensive.
Fir the people who get bored beacuse there are only 50 levels, aim to unlock everything! Get diamond on all levels, unlock all research and weapons etc.
Have never had any issues with this game so far. No crashes or anything. Runs smoothly, if your phone can't support native graphics then there's an option to adjust them. My only qualm is that sometimes the environments are a little dark even with the brightness turned all the way up. Please please please port Kotor 2 to mobile. Not sure if there's any legality in that, but I need my sequel. All other mobile games pale.in comparison. There's no RPG like it on mobile.
This is the same identical game we all played 12 years ago on Xbox and PC. All the features/gameplay is present in this port. Nothings is scaled down. You are truly getting bang for your buck as the content in this game is MASSIVE! DONT CONSIDER THIS A MOBILE GAME, its a full fledged RPG with the content of skyrim or mass effect. Expect to do nothing but play this game for the next 80 hours.
Can't wait till KOTOR2 gets ported over. However I wish the menus need to be redone for mobile. As the icons, specially for the skill and power menus are so small even on my 6 inch phone. The icons are literally only a few millimeters. Another thing I wish was I way to make the game file size smaller. Perhaps an option to stream the cinematics or have fewer of them.
One of the best RPG games of all time, no doubt. The dialogue is dynamic enough that the in-game choices seamless direct the narrative and allow for unique character development, meaning there's plenty of replay value. The combat system has become a little dated compared to modern titles, though. Also, the controls are finicky on a smaller screen, but these complaints are forgivable in light of the otherwise engaging storytelling. The only major grievance is the port is buggy, even on my Nexus 6P.
I keep having a problem with the save files become corrupted and they won't load properly. The quick save files are the ones having issue the autosave files are working fine. I'm not sure how to work past this. I just Cloud saved my autosave file that was loading correctly and am currently reinstalling the game. Hopefully I don't have this issue any more after this. The save system needs to be fixed for LG V20 users or maybe it's a system bug. Idk. Fix it. Will give 5 star again.
Scott you have done a wonderful job on the whole series! I know now the story! Which took a while to figure it out. I still remember the first game. I had no clue what to do :D Great ending to the series! To bad this is your last game though very good job Scott :)
There is two things that get a little annoying. When your running back and forth there is little lag and when your at the door or your bed if plays the sound track for running again and that throws me off. But other then that it's one of the most scary game I've played great game Scott.
I can hear the breathing now, which is great! This is by far the scariest installment in the franchise. Edit: I found a bug. The sound clip of the player running will sometimes play more than once, which is a bit weird. Fix and I'll give 5 stars.
So I'm talking to my friend because I'm scared and I scream and jump all the time.AWESOME GAME! Well done Scott. Best horror game I've ever played(well, my first horror game I've ever).  Welp. I'm gonna cry now. Scott, thanks for an AMAZING series. Thanks for the update! Sooo much better hearing them breathing! Btw, what is that extra running noises? Is that like Nightmare Foxy or something? Idk EDIT: well, the doors are fine now. They've been fine. Guess I was doing something XD
I can't beat night 3 because when foxy gets in my room and I check the closet the game closes itself and I can't even shut the doors when a animatronic is there! Please fix this so I can enjoy my fnaf 4 playthrough Scott! (ASUS K013)
That game was game was awesome the it scared the life out of me. The best part was night six when it was sooo hard  but I be at it . ii didn't get to play night seven  .  no offense  would like it allot better if had golden Freddy and the Marineot in the last game hope you an Evan better game for us
Dont buy this game. Waste of money. I bought this game by paying, but app is not even opening. This app gets struck at the beginning itself with display '1st Playable productions'.
Would love to rate it higher, but it has MAJOR issues.  Loves to stick in playing & usually force-closes.  More the pity, as it's a blast to play when it actually works.
Paid for it, installed it, now it won't even start. Freezes on startup screen. I want my money back
I purchased the wheel of fortune tv's favorite game & I STILL havent gotten to play. Every day several hours I try.I've watched  wheel almost since it started entered contests for YEARS! This is my favorite show in the world!Spin ID #DMO7922 user ID Spudwiser password MaryJane69 all that thought I was "best in world " are all dead.I  would LOVE tob on WOF😄Thanks for all the good memories DAMathews 59yrs young 💝app is fine I just want to play!
I commented a few months ago. Was happy then. Now ....!!! This is not working. Lost all paid for apps. Game freezes. What's going on? Some one has already made a lot of money!!!
So fun I can't stop playing now and then it will freeze but it's probably just my device one thing I would like would be if you could make easier to get hair styles and clothing and you could have money and that's how you get stuff like hair and clothing but very fun one of the best games I have ever got
M points alert comes up and covers the alphabet so you can't choose letters in the bonus round. Had to uninstall. Will not function.
On "the alpha" i cant get on the next platform thing to save the person.I WONT LET ME GET ON THE ROPE PLZ UPDATE IT AND MAKE IT SO YOU CAN JUMP ON IT FROM THE PLATFORM IVE TRYED TO JUMP ON THE ROPE LIKE 100 TIMES MAKE IT EASIER
Really angry as it took over an hour to download and after all that, it won't even start! I paid almost $8 for this app. I want a solution or my money back
Every single time I start playing the game it works for maybe a minute then it I get that stupid (Unfortunately Lego Jurassic World has stopped working) notification and then it takes me back to my home screen so PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM because I paid  $4.99 for this and I expect it to work.
Thank you Warner brothers for the game it is really good but please add more dinos coz have all of them. (Sorry if I spelled anything wrong)
Thanks to the developers for including the support of an external controller. Last time I checked Lego Lord of the Rings didn't have that and Lego Star Wars was gloriously failling at recognizing my two different controllers. Only Lego Batman was working fine. Just like Lego Batman, the game looks like a light version of the original game on console and computer and it's not necessarily a bad idea
In the level with the indominus Rex pen you have to find all 5 scratch mark locations I can a always find only 4 and it is aggravating me that it's telling me that the last one is in a location that I can not reach please just tell me how to find the last scratch and I will happily give this game 5 stars
Its a pretty small nitpicky thing but the warning message when you start can't be muted, even when you click the option to mute the sound.  I know you can just turn off the media volume but this is really inconvenient and got me in trouble at work.  Is the voice really necessary when there is text?  I live this game so much but ill only give five stars when there is an option to mute it.
This game bugs out when I try to click on the achievements,  challenges or leaderboard buttons because it comes up to sign in with google because I used to be able to do it but now it just closes. This only happens on Samsung as far as I know plz fix!!! Anyway it is also fun apart from that. But still plz fix .
Not only can you do flips but go into ragdoll mode. There is also glitches that are not annoying but funny such as the twerking glitch. This is a great game to play.
Very addictive game.  But it's frustrating when I have to restart the entire level, Can you please add checkpoints because it does get frustrating when you're at the last level and you loose all your life's
It's so addicting and fun for everyone. You press a blue button and do a flip, sometimes even in a dip. I know this is hard to believe, but I am the flip master you see. So by all means, download the game, and when you're having fun, I'm the blame.	Just awesome
I can't level 6 of backflip maddness. And i know its a flipping game but why do the characters flips so fast in the stance where he cant see where he's flipping but the stance were he can see where hes about to flip at he gets so slow and hopefully this flipping can get better,but its a great game and like the flipping poses he does when hes flipping and the graphics are good but its that tiny screw up that i dont like but its a good game
Worth the dollar
It's not a lame game!
Pretty cool. Really like the game.
Cool!!! Its a great game
It lacks quantity, however you definitely get quality in a mobile assassin's Creed! I hope future updates unveil new content that is even more immersive and engaging as the first campaign was!
Wow! What I thought was gonna be delighting actually turned out to be the worst game I've ever played. It's so laggy I couldn't even enjoy the game. It's not even funny. I downloaded like 1.3 GB and I still can't play offline! No lol you can't do that! Not cool at all I'm glad it was only $0.99 but it's totally not worth the price!
Great game with stunning graphics. Assassin's Creed on my Samsung tab S2. WOW! If you have issues, take it out on the support team. Don't give a 1 star for a game you haven't been able to play. The rating is for what's happening while you're playing the game. LOL.
This is a great game if ur a assassin's creed fan , the graphics are amazing and it is very addicting. Also if anyone is having some issues with an number in the top left that is how much it has before finishing and if it stays at one number that means you have to create enough storage for it to download.
It's been a while since they released the last update and there's still no fix. The game opens up to downloading new data, but nothing ever loads. I thought I'd just wait it out, but nothing has changed. Waste of money right now if your device is affected by this faulty update.
The game opens and goes straight to a long download. I've let it sit and download for an hour and nothing! And it won't give me an option for a refund either. FIX THIS PLEASE OR GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK
I have a problem I have no idea why this is happening I bought the game and started playing it but when it to loading with a error code error 6010 it said my storage was full but my phone storage wasn't I need help pls find a way to fix or tell me why it's happening
On LETV LE 1 PRO (US) Model. 4Gb/64gb  Downloaded app OK. Wouldn't download the big 1250mb data file after installation. Stated error #6009.   Advice received same day from the developer and now the game is installed properly and working OK. Thank you.
The overall game is great for Mobile devices but the controls feel chaotic and clunky while the missions seem to be lacking. I don't feel like I'm playing an assassins Creed game. Hopefully a large update will happen where they address the controls and work on the flow of the game.
Update makes it crash very often. It makes me very sad so I'm giving a one star so you guys are sad too :)
I don't like when games force you to do something like buy this or that but other than that no regrets whatsoever buying it
It will be better if it have PvP battle.
Love this game so much  Worth every penny
Decent i guess, dont spend your money to much anyway
Epic stickman fight ever!!
How can I refund it?
Fantastic game no flows in it i can save it and get back easy
i Loved this game and a great time killer ,and if its possibLe please add duel with friends in this game ..
One of the best mobile games available. Easy to play, great sense of humor, and amazing amounts of content.
The gameplay gets kind of repetitive because of all the resource gathering but different from that a wonderful game.
Great game, would like to be able to add more items to item bar
Exactly how a game should be. Very well designed, no spamming of ads and no pay-to-win style in-app purchases. Highly recommended game
Most fun I've had in a videogame! Would definetely recommend.
Absolutely the best game out its funny, challenging and like it says its full of sass.
My favorite game ...
This is an addictive resource gathering game that ties in a decent story.
I love how this game butters you up, has you thinking you are a genius: the "Chosen One"  destined to unwrap all of its mysteries, only to pull the rug out from underneath you at the (seemingly) last second. It is only then that the fun truly begins! What an absolutely mind-boggling, breathtaking, gorgeously rendered puzzler.  Fireproof have outdone themselves again!
I loved the first two in this series and loved this one, too, except three times now it's wiped my save. My profile is still there, but I try to open it and it shows the opening cinematic. The puzzles are fun, the story is fresh, the locations are insanely creative - but I'm having trouble playing it more because it keeps messing with my save.
I'm not a big gamer, and I never really get time to play them, but when I saw that "The Room Three" was out, I just had to try it. I expected a fun experience, but this was nothing short of spectacular. The graphics are intriguing, the puzzles mind-boggling, and the mystery ongoing. This was truly a masterpiece of gaming, and I look forward to seeing upcoming releases by this independent development house. All of this praise, and I'm not even a gaming fanatic! 5*
Unique puzzles and visual effects. The letter in the end made the difference between rating the game pra just click "Main menu". Congratulations for the awesome job! If i would give any improving feedback, i think it would be towards the grid globe at the Observatory. The red color it shows when you are tracing the pattern at the track pad is not clear enough. I didn't catch that i could interact with the track pad because that red color is not visible enough. Anyway, the intire game serie is 5 stars.
Like puzzles and games that make your brain itch? Then I HIGHLY recommend The Room 3!!! These three games are the best I've played in a long, long time, and I was in no way disappointed with any aspects of them. On saying this, I IMPLORE you to challenge yourself and finish all of the alternate endings of this installment of The Room. You won't regret it! GREAT JOB Fireproof Games, and please please pleeeease keep up the amazing work!!!
Love this series and the third is the best. A nice mix of story telling and puzzles, and luckily for me a good few hints too (which are needed by me), that still leave you feeling like you have achieved the goal by yourself. These games are excellent and addictive. If you've never tried them, definitely do. You won't be disappointed.
I have played all of The Room games, having stumbled across the first one not long after it came out and becoming quickly enthralled. If only there were more games like this. Unlike any other puzzle game you will play on a mobile device, I highly recommend it to anyone looking for something different. And if a Room 4 is ever released, I will absolutely purchase it without a second thought. Great job developers!
A straightforward improvement in both story and gameplay from the (also very good) previous two games. The multiple endings were done well and actually serve to further the story, that's rarely done even in aaa games! For maximum enjoyment, don't use a walk-through when stuck on some of the harder puzzles/steps in the multiple endings! The developers' logic is solid for all their puzzles.
I loved this game when it first came out.  Then the next ones got better and better. This is by far the best. An excellent game. Challenging, interesting. It doesn't give away too much or too little. In comparison with other puzzle games (and I've played a lot) it far outranks them in class, plot and atmospheric quality. It's forte - I believe - is it's exquisite lighting, talented design and artwork and simple, sweet music.
As usual for android emulators the sound emulation is very poor. I have a ZenFone 3 4GB and if I put the latency to Low there's constant crackling... and if I keep it to Normal there's almost 1 second of delay.
Absolutely wonderful!! Nostalgia is alive! Love playing old games. Some of the best games I never finished are now with me everywhere I go! Best $4 I've ever spent!!! Only problem is the touch R and L buttons but when I want to play games that need them I just plug in my USB controller!!
I love this emulator, and I've been playing it on my new Xperia and having a blast, but I've been playing it with a Dualshock 4, and the analog sticks don't work in analog mode. Other than that, it's a really good emulator.
Great that I can download and play my favourite classics. However I seem to be having a lot of problems with R2 and L2 when using an Xbox one controller. Have scoured the forums and can't find an answer
If you have half a brain and download the required ROMS to be able to play it, you'll have the nostalgia trip you've been waiting for. I've played Harry Potter & Crash Bandicoot and they played fine, controllers seemed easy too. Using HTC One M9.
It is not perfect, but I do not expect it to be. Hours of fun reliving the old titles. Save whenever you like. There is nothing more I can say. Do you like playstation? Then, you like this app.
Used epsxe on PC for free. Glad I could give money to these goons. The road and the analog stock are a bit hard to use on the touchscreen. Otherwise, it's great and it runs well. Well worth the money.
I'm not going to give a full 5 stars because the issues that I had with input lag never got resolved while using my old LG G4. However, now that I've upgraded to an LG V20, the input lag is nonexistent. I don't think there were any problems with my G4 since version 2.0 0 ran better with no input delay at all. You should definitely do some troubleshooting on this current version to make sure it runs properly on last year's hardware.
I was hoping the game is fixed but no as soon as the gameloft logo appears The game closes!!!! Until problem is fixed 1 star
Warning don't be fooled by the uploaded images the graphic sucks and the game is way to boring and the map is pretty small. And the console isn't nice.
It even lost my profile and begged me to keep logging into a different profile. !?! How long before this becomes abandonware? I've seen 4 requests on Gameloft Forums, but none got an answer from Gameloft and it's been over a year. Wow. Don't pay money for this. It's no longer fully functional, hasn't been for a year or more, and Gameloft has zero intention of fixing or improving it.
I've had this on my phone for almost 3yrs playing on and off. Still mudding through chapter 3 but bought the symbiot suit and getting equipment/skills way up there now.  Amazing game, but arena doesn't have weekly players anymore :(
I love this game and I have made quite a  few purchases on it. The only issue that makes me angry is that I play against others and like 4 times when it got to be the opponents turn it zoomed out a bit and didn't fully go to the opponent. It stayed that way for 10-15 minutes and I had to quit out; which forced me to loose my winstreak. Please fix this. It is an utter nuisance. Then it will be 5 stars again
I feel cheated that I paid for a game that I can't play because the devs have ditched it and it freezes most of the time. It's ridiculous that a paying customer is subject to mechanics common in free games. Since the update, it has been even less stable, with it hanging when loading every other match. I want my money back
Many times at the start of the round when the opponent is unable to place down any creatures, the game says, "Defend!" but you are unable to do anything. All you can do is look at the board, the cards in your hand have disappeared, and you only have the option to leave the match. If you're online, it even calls you a dweeb for quitting even though that's the only thing you are allowed to do. Please developers, fix this glitch. I sigh in dissapointment every time I waste 8 hearts on a match I can't play,
I can't use some spells at the start of the game without the game completely freezing. I would rate 5 but with this and that rigged daily gift I'd say 3 stars is pishing it. Also.if your opponent can't summon a  monster their first turn the game will freeze
Honestly this is a pretty fun app. Like the concept and the energy system(hearts) arent that constructing. My only problem is the app crashes and doesn't reopen where I left it. I will start a game and use 4 or 5 hearts, then the game crashes, and I'm out the hearts. Pretty frustrating. I have a note 4 incase that matters.
So I uninstalled this game just under half a year ago. Booted this back up and my previous review was that there's too much freezing in matches. I haven't gone back on the tournament yet but wow every single time my opponent and I don't play any cards because we don't have enough magic points. It just stays live and nothing happens forever. So I have to close the app and lose hearts. Which really sucks in the daily dungeon, losing 25 hearts. I cannot believe this is still a problem.
Amazing game - NO AD WATCHING! With all the games out now with constant ad watching for bonuses etc and wait times for buying/ building anything this game is incredible. How a game should be made.
Amazing game I just wish they would add more levels otherwise they are improving the stability and glitches people are sharing good game from a good company
Awesome game and definitely worth 3$. It does tend to lag on slower/older devices (mostly ones with slower CPUs). No lag on my tablet however, which is great.
The game is VERY GREAT, but there's not enough levels and it gets very boring playing the same levels over and over again. Please add more levels
Wish there were something else to do with blue blops once you reach research 100%. Also the new competitive play needs to be changed more often once 7 days is kinda lame perhaps bi-weekly?
Am 36 so I struggle to find good app games that grabs my attention long enough.  2 weeks later and still not sick of it. I love the bloons series of games. I highly recommend it.
How is it possible that a part 2 to this game has never been made for android!  IT A TRAVESTY!!! So many different way to go with the story when playing.  I have now become a total Sith and have just slade my best companions from throughout the game! This is great,  you have to play.  This is my 4 time through and story has been different every time as far as my role and relationships with the other characters.  PLEASE!!!  YOU HAVE TO MAKE ANOTHER ONE!
The game itself is still great, port is ok. But, major bugs, preventing me from finishing the game, after 26+ hours put into it. Seriously. Wish I could get a refund. Two companions gone missing (not from the story, just bugged), planets resetting, conversations cancelling so I can't continue. I can't continue the main quest on the last planet because the conversation is broken?!! What do I do now?
Runs great on my galaxy s6, controls are great for everything except the little turret space battles. Not being able to turn while firing makes it difficult, but they were never a major part of the game.  All the dialogue is there,  it's just as fun as i remember it from the old Xbox days.  I hope you put out KOTOR 2 at some point.
My only thing is the upgradable items. There used to be alot more items to use for upgrades... Not a big deal, everything else is FANTASTIC! Just the way I remember it. Also, I dont know if it was on purpose, but there are some items you get, (sand people outfits) that you cant sell... And they just stay in your inventory, but still no complaints. Just really minor details, compared to how great the game runs for long periods of time. I have already played more than 30hrs. Halfway through my 2nd playthrough
I'm playing this on Samsung S6  I wasn't sure I wanted to spend a tenner on a mobile game. But I'm glad I did. Can't believe I can play a game I played on my PC back in the day on my phone.  The port has been lovingly crafted, game play is as great as a Bioware game can be. I suspect the graphics on a huge tv would look dated but on my phone they look great! Awesome game, worth the money, plays amazingly well and looks good too. Like Star Wars? Buy this. If your phone can run it you won't be disappointed.
Kotor is pretty amazing. I played it through the light and dark versions and was impressed. There is one non negligable recurring bug, being when in game play you save , and close the game, when you hit continue, your entire team is dead the only way to bypass is to load a version which predates by a bit losing valuable time and patience. You can play around it once you know it's there but it is a pain.
Now I remember why I stopped playing this game, and got it off my phone. It sucks. Way to many bugs! Never plays correctly. Gave it months to fix, still the same worthless time playing game. DO NOT DOWNLOAD! I want a refund. No response!
Its fun. But that damn rewards thing they have is right there during bonus round. Over your keyboards. And I pushed the X to get rid of it. And it won't!
I love the Assassin's Creed Series. This game very awesome!! Like a Ezio in Rome. Graphic is wow, but glitch always have on all assassin's creed series. Sometimes, glitch come at network need internet, so.. why not, at  mission, don't need internet..
For those of you having troubles with the download, navigate to android/obb and delete the folder named com.ubisoft.assassinscreed.identity. This will make the download start successfully. But overall this game has incredible graphics and great gameplay. Definitely worth every cent.
The game doesn't load, it's always stuck on the loading screen. I had left it for an hour thinking it would load, but when I checked it was still on the same screen. So now I have a game that I spent nearly $10 on that doesn't even work.
I was so excited to here it load music while it down loaded the files I nearly wet myself. After weeks of looking for a replacement for the best game on Google to no avail it's back baby,  thank you
Spent around $5 and this game won't play on a Verizon ellipse 10. Brand new tablet. I would like a refund. Restarted several times to see if the optimization would change anything but it did not
But this is major false advertising!!!! Game boasts outfit changes and customizable assassin's. It doesn't mention that you have to play for weeks to unlock any customizable move sets. And MONTHS to earn enough points to BUY 1 new outfit. Says it's the "first action rpg of the franchise". Rpg implies customization. Which there is none of.
At times runs fine, but near large buildings and with numerous enemies the game becomes unplayable.  Also,  it will frieze at various points, such as when your character dies.
It's ok i guess, cool game btw
It is cool and it has a unique play style.
Somehow league of legend is free and league of stickman is not free
i like to have samurai 😍😍😍
Finally i can restore data from free to paid version.. thanks..
So far it's fun... not sure what the difference between free and paid version is... but for a buck... why not
Can't play 2p pls fix
i can't get a refund
Perfect game for anyone
Can't type, Crashlanding...
Most amazing game I have ever played
Very good game
Very good game
Solid game
Its too good to be true.
I love this game a lot.
Really good game!
WELL WORTH THE ££££! Only just completed 1st chapter and I'm gripped  yet again. Thought Room 1 was GREAT! Room 2 OUTSTANDING!! But Room 3.... SPEECHLESS!!! I pray these guys keep on coming out with these amazing, spectacles of entertainment. Beautiful and ingenious in every way imaginable (and unimaginable!). I hope the creators make their millions, but keep producing them (you've got a fan base out there)! The ratings are truly deserved! Thank you! PLEASE..not such a long wait for number 4 though! ☺
Like the 1st 2 games you'll get stuck on some puzzles then fly through other parts. Hints difficulty is well graded but when you've already worked out one it would be nice to be able to skip to the next quickly. Unlike 1 and 2 this has alternative endings. Great atmosphere and sound. Lighting makes this difficult to play outside.
I am a fan of the series having played the first and second parts when they first came out. I finally got around to installing this third part and found that it was worth the wait! Absolutely stunning graphics and seamless interactive environment just like the first and second parts. This one has added components that enable alternate endings which was a clever surprise; it added depth to the story and made for a bit more of a challenge. Brilliant job!
I love these games and was so happy to see a third installment. The intricacies in puzzle design and the tactile nature of the games always amazes me. This game gets really meta at a few points which I just loved. Game took me around 6.5 hours to complete and have now discovered there's replayability. Fireproof; I never review games but this is the best yet... Please don't stop making these! Reccomend to anyone.
This has been by far my favorite puzzle series. The multiple endings was a nice addition and I wondered the first time why I had so many extra pieces. This was such an enjoyment and hope you continue to make games in this fashion as an objective puzzle game is my favorite. It reminds me of COD Zombies mode "easter eggs" without the zombies and that was the only reason I play COD. Thank you and keep the series going please!
I was excited to see that the third installment of this series available. Devs have done even better implementation than the first two - awesome job! Cloud save was extremely problematic so glad devs added option to disable it. Keep up the good work and you can keep taking my money!
7 hours and 15 mimutes of entertainment for 2 bucks! Intricate and beautiful. Level design unlike anything you'll find in the android market. These games are consistently good. My only complaints about the first two was their brevity,but this one kicks that idea on its ass. You owe it to yourself to play the room 3 plain and simple.
This is a fantastic game!  Very pretty, with an absorbing soundtrack that pulls you into the world they have crafted.  The puzzles are all solvable with a bit of logic and attention to your surroundings.  Slight downside is the size of the hub area, when trying to solve some of the puzzles there's a lot of back and forth which the transitions take a while for when you're traipsing from room to room trying to remember where it was you noticed something that you now think you have the item to use in.  But that's just me being picky.  If you've already played the first two, you've probably already bought this, so why are you reading this?  If you haven't, go buy and play them first, then come back and get this.
If you are going to get a ps1 emulator this is the one you want. Tried the other ones on here and they just don't compare to epsxe. Also you can email them if you are having trouble. They got back to me the next day
This is probably one of the most decent PlayStation 1 emulators in the playstore however it has it set backs certain games can be very glitchy and controls for fighting games specifically are good however a lot of fighting games have certain grappling attacks that require you to press two buttons at once which you can't do. I hope these Minor problems can get looked into but other than that I would recommend this emulator.
Nothing is more rad than playing silent hill on my cellphone at work, which I'm doing right now hehe. The controls are kindve hard but i still managed to beat the game twice. The cinematic parts kind of lag but i blame my $40 LG phone, not the app/emulator.
Compatibility is great with every game ive tried so far. Setup is not difficult at all. Sometimes trial and error settings for different games to work and look their best  but overall great emulator. I like it way better than retroarch
Great emulator! Really brought all the nostalgia from my childhood. Had to purchase a Bluetooth controller though mainly because PS1 controls are so stiff that touchscreen isn't the best way to play, but the touchscreen is still playable! Definitely worth the buy!
This is probably the best app you can get for android. I will admit that some areas need improvement but its by far the best ps1 emulator on here.
This glitch is really getting irritateing. I have now lost a number of rewards because my win streak has been ruined by this issue with the first turn. Small glitch if I don't play a creature or my opponent does not on turn one the game freezes 8 out of 10 times. Very uncool.
This is very frustrating and makes me give it three stars because even when you click battle deck when you go to the missions screen it AUTOMATICALLY GOES TO YOUR FIRST DECK! THIS IS VERY FRUSTRATING!!
Great game, but when I try to battle Gunther for Fiona's last battle, after the story telling, it freezes and all I get is a never ending black screen, I tried reinstalling, using other characters but got the same result. I use a Samsung A5. I will give 5 stars if someone could help me.
This game is definitely worth the money. It's fun and has tons of content to keep you busy. The only bad thing is that it does crash or jam every now and then, which can be frustrating, although the game is still worth it. COULD BE GREATLY IMPROVED IF THEY ADDED BETTER MULTIPLAYER, WHERE YOU COULD PLAY AND TRADE CARDS WITH FRIENDS. If they added that, this game would be so popular and could become equal or even better than pokemon.
Tech support is failing me and giving me a run around. Waited weeks unsure if i can reset my device because the game stopped loading. Couldnt get my account to transfer and now its been overwritten by new data and old is lost. My username was automatically generated and therefore not unique and inpossible to find. Then after weeks of contact we restarted the cycle and they asked me to give user id that i dont know or we would have resolved this by now... Want a refund!
So much fun but the bugs are driving me crazy. If you can't attack on a turn, most of the time it just hangs. Same thing just happened when my quest opponent tried to floop. Totally unresponsive. This crash happens A LOT. unacceptable, especially for a $4 app with in game purchases.
Bought this for my son after he begged forever cause don't usually buy games @ reg price.  He downloaded and it crashes when opened.  Not only am I out $4, but I,have a kid with a crushed heart. Please fix.
I've been playing this game for a few months now i can't find a help button it just deleted my entire game i was on level 100 and i had lemon grab up to 21.  Is there any way to fix this?
If this was a free app I would have no problem with them including in app purchases. Even as a 3.99 app selling extra packs of cards for real world money would be fine. My main problem is with paying to refill energy or to  expand the maximum number of cards you can have. It's absurd that you need to either farm an increasingly large amount of coins or pay to increase you inventory. It's an absurd set up and seems a bit out of place in a paid game.
To be honest I didn't pick up any big flaws with the game. It's great all around
I loved the game but i have a hard time getting gold medals pls change that to silver medals please that would help me alot P.S Everybody thats looking through the review Download it help ninja kiwi grpwn alot more 😀😀😀
Its a good game, time killer but on level 40 i can not get 100% pop and ive tried atleast 12x and used 2 lvl4 magnets and i feel that its clutched.
Still unable to collect all the blogs for level 40 nor get diamond on about 5 levels. Storm monkeys weapons seem useless. Please update and add more levels.
it's fun at first it only took me 4 hours to beat everything and now it's just boring to grind over and over to unlock everything it's extremely boring and needs new levels ASAP I hardly play it once a month
Really fun game, I haven't checked the settings yet but can there be an option so the monkey isn't at the exact point of your finger, I think I would be a good idea.
I want my focking 2.99$ back it is crushing every time I enter it fock you guys mother fockers
It is really awesome and fun. :) It is interesting to play as a supermonkey plus the way he changes as you equip and upgrade him is amazing. Hope to see more like this if not more to this game sameday.
This game has alot of potential but the all the lag when alot of balloons are being popped can be overwhelming
This game is great, it'd be cool if there were more levels or a faster way to find blips overall great game
Love this game and I'm so glad I can take it anywhere now! But no text will load during conversations. No subtitles, no speech options, nothing. Other than that it runs great!                Reinstalling the game didn't work and you can't really play this game if you don't know what you're saying to people. Still no dialog unfortunately
I can't say a single bad thing about this game, it runs perfectly on my Nexus 6P and this has been one of my most favourite games of all time, I've played it on Xbox & PC and this version is no different, the port is excellent. This is not a mobile game, this is a fully fledged console/PC game ported over to android, you miss out on nothing! There's easily 40 hours of story if not more... And hopefully they bring KOTOR 2 over to android as well.
Its about time a dev gets it right on the first day. So many bug filled games released to the play store that make you wonder if they even tested their apps. Excellent job to everyone that worked on this. Controls take a little getting used to, but they work well once you understand how they work. Only request is to make it galaxy tab compatible. Keep up the great work!
Classic RPG that is a suprisingly good port to android. Took me 25 hours to beat, although towards the end i just wanted it to be over. Full voice acting for all NPCs and a good loot and levelling system (for games of that era, and somewhat still today.) Decent plot with typical Star Wars twist. Overall Id recommend especially for RPG fans.
I used to have this for my xbox console.  It's exactly how I remember it. The game runs smoothly with no lag, and it's a perfect port and is perfect for the Android because of the turn based rpg play style. The graphics actually look better on the Android compared to the Xbox. You can tweak the game play and graphics.  I'm using an S7 edge , the game runs smoothly and looks fantastic. I highly recommend that you download this game. Swoop bike racing was the only issue, controls.
I was hesitant to buy this as I didn't want to tarnish the great memory I had of this game. I'm glad I caved & bought it. It's a direct port, jus upgraded. Quicker load times, better sound quality. Even the graphics look finer. If I could give this game a 10 I would. I highly recommend this to all S.W.K.O.T.O.R fans. You won't be disappointed.
I play this on my note 5 and it runs flawlessly. Load times are faster than when I had it on xbox as a kid and the quick save function is the best thing ever. Maybe I just suck, but good luck in swoop races...so difficult with these controls. I still beat them, but just saying
Needs support for Sony Xperia z5, blackscreening from the start can hear sound but can't see anything I paid £8 for this... You'd expect it to at least play, especially on a flagship device.    Edit; upgraded to Sony z5 premium and since my first post they've finally got it working, fantastic game.
For an unstable, laggy, game. Although it has real nice graphics, but i got a high end phone, and this is the only high end game that has constant low fps. i think the gameplay's nice, really captures the bore of playing AC games. and the coins and bundles ain't worth the price. and i think the story, is unengaging. I think, if you could make a story based AC game for mobile phones.... Well, you could just make AC Bloodline for mobile, and i promise you could take my money.
I bought this game for about 2 or 3 dollars but I can't even play it because it just keeps saying downloading new data and never continues. Please fix this ubisoft.
Awesome games love the characters
Nice game but need 1 vs 1 gameplay
Loved this game worth the money
Great app, and pretty straightforward to use. I would only suggest you not tinker around with stuff you don't know or rather Google to find out more. Nails the emulation on every game I tested. My ps4 controller works like a charm on it too. To the dev: Superb job!
compatibility and speed are the best on the market currently. To top it off, the resolution and shader options mean the games will look even better than your rose-tinted glasses make you think they did.
My guilty secret is Brian Lara Cricket, absolutely love the game and could never get it to work on other emulators. This plays it like a dream. Everything else I've played so far has worked fine. User friendly and best ps1 Emu so far.
Keep up the good work. Allows me to play all my favorite psx games again... FFvii I'm looking at you
There is a slight problem with Duke nukem land of the babes whenever your in the water the screen start to flicker why is that I downloaded this on phone and PC and still the same Problem   But it is a very good app I'm really happy with it   I hope you will work on a ps2 one that would be brilliant   Keep up the good work :)
Haven't managed to work out if I can change  the size of buttons, but I wish the Dpad could be bigger. Also, I like the vibration setting for the buttons, but would like it if I could lower it.
When I first purchased and downloaded epsxe, all my ROMs WORKED JUST FINE and I didn't really have to set up anything at all . then,ONE DAY ALL BUTTON FUNCTIONS STOPPED WORKING whether I used a gamepad or the virtual touch screen.. I tried downloading on to a separate device but I get the same problems on both devices? Button operations will navigate through the emulator as well as the ROM's title screen. But as soon as the game is playing nothing is responsive. No directionals, no nothing?? Help plz :'(
The bug that lies in the D pad has gone! As before the D pad was slow and unresponsive at times. But ever since I have updated this app, the issue is no longer there after using the app for a period of time. Thank You!
I couldn't stop playing this game, until the game suddenly quit two battles in a row. For both battles it was the "defeat at least 10 creatures" quest and it was saying I had failed even though we both had most of our lives left and I had defeated at least 6 creatures. It wouldn't be so bad if I didn't lose all the hearts and rewards from the battle every time it crashed. Edit: just crashed AGAIN 1 min after wasting my last 5 hearts on a battle. So it's either waste a gem or wait until they refill again.
Warning, this game has "NO" support, I email every support they asked for, but no reply, do not waste your money on this, I am very disappointed.   After the daily spin, I have 'won' a "?" Card, right at that moment the game freeze, when it restart, I have lost my save game and everything.  It would have been at least four stars if it didn't lost hours of my gaming..
Would be 5 stars but I can't upgrade the power ups to the max . Once I Max them out it goes back to down.
Great game but in-app purchases and ads bother me in non-free games
This is absolutely fantastic. Game is just as great as I remember playing it when I was younger. Only issue I've seen is that It freezes when I try to load auto saves. It'll freeze about 25%the way and when I try to reload the same save, it brings up the same screen and tips/info and freeze on the same area. It doesn't happen every time I load an auto save, only a few times. But great game overall.
This game has an storyline that not only show what pushed Revan (male or female) to drive them to do what they did, but also allows you to choose the the course of events. I may not have played the X-Box version, it is still an great game on IOS/android.
PLEASE make this app compatible with a keyboard. There's no valid reason to not do so, especially given how HORRIBLE the touch screen controls are for the swoop racing and blaster turret sections. If you do, I will change my rating to 5 stars across the board. If not, I kind of want a refund, to be honest.
I don't often write reviews, especially for phone games. But this was truly a unique experience. Never has a puzzle game left me so satisfied and wanting more than this game, I was sad when it was over and immediately bought the extra levels and was not disappointed in the slightest. The sounds, music, and the look and feel of this game are incredible! Very reminiscent of Journey. The puzzles are beautifully made, very simple but challenging. Controls work very well, only complaint is there isn't more.
Awesome as always. I was very worried that this would be too similar to pocket harvest, and while very similar it has several features and differences that make it fun. I especially like the match 3 mini games!
I've had this game for almost 1 week and have played many times and can't help but notice a few bugs.  After playing the basic game for a while the icons that let you know how many items you need to trade in for development cards disappear.  Also when playing Cities and Knights the development cards don't even show up at all.  I've tried registering so I can play online and it won't let me pass the main sign up page.  I'm sure there are many more bugs that I haven't noticed yet.  Other than that this is a great game!
Features are faithful to the original version. Only gave it three stars because the touch controls can be annoying, making common repetitive tasks like eating or adding fuel to a fire feel tedious. Controls make you constantly perform unintended actions, like stop to chop a tree when trying to run for your life.
I used to love playing this game as a child. Although it seems to be a little more difficult than I remember. It would be nice to see some of the jdm sequels ported over like seiken dentsu 3 as well if square enix could release legend of mana for mobile considering how powerful some of the newer phones are becoming and how extra space is more affordable.
This is the first mobile game I've ever played that's so good that it warrants mobile gaming as a significant gaming platform. The art, music, gameplay and everything about it is beautiful and coated in polish. I love the Escher vibe to it and the intelligent level design, especially in forgotten shores. This is one of those rare titles that I will never stop recommending to people. On a side note, it was awesome seeing the game referenced in House of Cards, it deserves every bit of publicity it can get.
This is the first and only gaming app I've bought thus far. Its game play wherein which its music, ui, play style makes it an app unlike any other. The creators of this game are absolutely brilliant to have come up with such a remarkable app.  They have also inspired me to code an app of my own. I could sing no higher praise to the creators and their app. I would highly recommend everybody to download and try this app for it will surely bring you an experience that'll be entirely and absolutely different.
Words cannot describe the incredible awesomeness of this game. The geometry of the levels is absolutely mind-blowing and it is fun and challenging in all the great ways a game can be. The developers have made an absolute masterpiece and there are no other games out there that come close to this one. You cannot go wrong in downloading this game. It is worth WAY more than the price. I just hope they come up with more levels. I could play hundreds of them. UPDATE: I bought/downloaded the added 8 levels and they are incredible. WELL worth the $. (Acer A500 10.1" Tablet - Android v4.0.3)
Words can't describe how happy I am for buying this gem. I was sceptic regarding how reviews used to say that this game is short. But really, now I don't care - the music is legendary, the game looks astonishingly great and gameplay is so intuitive. One of the best gaming experiences of all time for me. Just GEDDIT!
Every chapter, invariably at some point, made me chuckle and say, "oh!". Completed all three major sections and definitely want more. Thinking there is fun still to be had with replaying. And family content means everyone can play. This is a large download and significantly drains my battery, but worth it.
This game is one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. It's simplistic design & stunning colors transport you into another world. The story was simple yet beautiful as well. I never had any problems with the game freezing or skipping. It's very fluid. Very addictive game. Played through Ida's dream and expansion the day they came out. My only criticism for this game would be there aren't enough levels. I wish they were going to continue making more. :( def worth every penny.
The only bad thing about this game is just the fact that it's a really short game. The music is beautiful, our main character "Ida" is so cute, the graphics are so breathtaking. The puzzles are pretty hard BUT in a good way. It's a shame that there are only some levels to play. I wish there were more levels; this game is really just that good. I want more levels!! :(
This is the first mobile game i have ever paid for, and i have to say it did not disappoint. The graphics, interface, music and gameplay all complement each other perfectly. I finished the main story and purchased the expansion without hesitation. My only criticism is that the game is too short and i hope the developers are working on more levels. Despite this, i would purchase - and repurchase this game any day of the week. It is flawless and is unparallelled by any game - it will leave you speechess :)
This is the 2nd time I've bought this game. Bought for Kindle a few years back 2012 or 13 ... t's been over a year sense the 3rd extension pack came out, & was hoping for another. I miss the game so hell, why not buy again. 😏  Anyone who's considering not  buying for financial reasons ..I mean come on. . It's 4 bucks . (+ Extensions if desired)..this amount of entertainment, enjoyment & critical thinking & awareness  under $10 in this world today is a steal!
It is not as great as others of their games. I love that there are no iap, so it deserves a 5 star rating based on that alone!
Thought it was slow at first, but game really grew on me. Must buy!
Solid. Not as good as Pocket Harvest in my opinion, but props for mixing up the formula a little, and no IAP.
its very slow and boring....what happen to kairosoft? 2 titles in a row are bad....this one and march to a mellion....did they change the dev employees staff or something?
Autobuy, auto 5🌟.  Will edit review after playing the game...
Love as always, instant buy!
niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiceeeeee
best dev evah!!!
Good game
As others have posted, the computer A.I. is horrendously overpowered. Expect to be robbed non-stop once you take the lead. Also don't plan on trading for anything you need.
Catan for Tablet, except its random number generator sucks. Die rolls are clearly not random when I play over 100 games and repeatedly experience having settlements on both 8s and watching as 10 and 11 come up almost twice as often. Either 7 will come up 3-5 times or 20-40 times. Development Card distribution is also screwed up. You have a much higher likelihood of drawing Road Building and Victory Point cards while the AI will be fed a constant stream of Knights and Monopoly. Same goes for the Progress Cards in Cities and Knights. I can have all three Metropolis up and again receive a majority of Victory Point, Road Building and also Inventor, whereas the AI opponents will often get Spy, Saboteur and Bishop far more often than they should. And the part that really makes me mad is that the AI opponents follow traditional rules and can sit on their Victory Point cards until they reveal a win, but when you receive a Victory Point card its immediately added to your score and makes you a target for the AI's Knights and other hand destruction cards. This game should be fun, but due to crappy coding, instead its usually agonizingly frustrating. DO NOT BUY.
It really needs some user-experience fixes. Lots of games are never ended because some players just idle and the others don't have the option to kick the idling player. Settings are not saved from one session to another. Game info (like total points needed, dice stats and so on) are not available if it's not your time to act. Maybe a chatbox would be nice. Not to mention some leaderboards, tournaments, prizes...
Too buggy. Crashes, hangs and kicks you out for timeouting. Most of the games ends up unfinished
Great game and great single player mode. But the online multiplayer could use a lot of work. Can be very slow and buggy. Player inactivity timeouts are too long or just dont work at all. If they could make improvements to make the online games go faster this would be a 5 star game.
Great game with frustrating online experience. The game is really addictive, good bit of strategy and looks good.  Sadly, though online play could be amazing, the whole experience is tainted and unsatisfying. Opponents often drop out leaving you playing against default ai characters. Especially annoying when they drop out because you are going to win. Also disconnected players can often leave games in limbo, where they can't be ejected after initial vote failed. Games also get lost when you have to shut down the app to refresh as objects disappear in the game. Proper ranking and control online could make this game a legend I also agree with other player comments on the whole.Why no way to save setting between matches..Have to choose character and colour every effort to find a game, if you can be bothered. Have often experienced games too where one person is clearly controlling 2 players
Sorry for the bad rating - but it's not playable on a Chromebook, because it's impossible to change the window size...
Aged but great game, VERY buggy!! This game has been around for years with few lone updates in gameplay and even much lesser in bugfixes. A great game that you happily pay for, and the more annoying that after years PC opponents freeze and the game with it, online game regularly kicks people and dive throws of 5x7 or other numbers in a row are common. How hard can it be, this is not a graphically intensive or super complicated game, AI is not that clever, gameplay has hardly changed in years and yet..buggy buggy buggy (LG G2, iPad mini, Samsung A3, Moto G4plus)
Everything with this game works fine as far as I can tell aside from the online. I will literally never load. Tried reinstalling the game, restarting the device, waiting for an update... But so far no online at all. once that is fixed I'll like it much more.
I started playing this and loved it. But I bought some coins and didn't see the cloud update. So I was playing local. I was playing farm sim and dropped my phone which dislodged my battery enough to make my phone restart. Once it started back up, I started playing farm sim again but my local save was missing. So everything I did I lost, even the coins I paid for. I wrote explaining everything and they said that once you get the coins, it's done. You lose it, you lost the money you put in to it.Backup backup
Great game, deserves 5 stars. Except there is a bug where after a couple times of opening and closing the app the sound breaks terribly. It repeats constantly, as if the game's audio files were corrupted. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the game several times, but it is still broken. Fix this and I'll rate 5 stars.
I love this game and dont believe in any way that its bad, except for when it comes to controls. It would be nice to have more diversity with the option on controls. The controls fortunately aren't as bad as other games on pocket devices (terraria), but overall it would definatly be a good game to get if you prefer crafting/survival RPGs.
I had to change my rating from a 5 to a 4 star.  This is because the game  would lock up  and I would lose some in-game progress .  Thankfully  the game automatically saves automatically and periodically while play. It is a perfect port of of a great game. It's well worth the money. Survival takes intense focus.
I've played this game on the PC, iPhone and Android. While the game itself is a lot of fun and well designed, the controls might be the worst I've ever encountered. The overwhelming majority of the times I have died in the game have been because of being unable to get away from something because it's so difficult to get your character to actually head in the intended direction. Planting trees and grasses is also very annoying. I hope this is fixed soon so I can come back and say the nice things I'd like to.
The controls are a bit wonky, but its a great port, and even comes with reign of giants! (I didn't play on PC so I don't know if the expansion was free or not). It would be good if they added support for an external controller (im fairly certain that they haven't). All in all, great game, and great port!
Love it on pc, not so great playing with my tablet though, laggy everywhere, but thats maybe because of my old samsung s tablet low performance. Still great port from pc gaming. Oh and please bring shipwrecked to android as well
I have only 1 issue,  the inventory. It's pretty annoying when you have to plant crops,  place buildings,  etc.  when you have to move the item all the way up the screen.  And if it's not far enough up,  then you can't even leave the inventory screen.  Besides that,  the game is pretty great.
I love this game and couldn't tell you how many times I have beaten it on SNES. Sadly I didn't get very far into the game before I realized I couldn't use my Undine magic for support our healing. It gave me luna magic when I acquired sylphid magic. I don't want my money back,  I just want the game to work.  Would have loved to give this game the 5 star rating it deserves.
Always will be, i was having a great time playing through this game again. Until I got the Shade powers and now can't sleep at any inn without it crashing. Its not the same as the original but it brings a fresh face for those who have played the original many times over. Some good changes some not so good.
Just acquired the Fire mana seed and I cannot proceed any further. Game locks up every time I want to sleep or ride the cannon. Game is completely unplayable at this point. Will not be buying anymore android games from this developer because of the numerous bugs that are always present.
I'm really happy with this remake of Secret of Mana. It holds true to the original, and adds a few new touches to the graphics . Some people might not like it, but I think it's very cool and works great. The thing that makes me the most happy is that there is automatic controller support if you have a PS3 or Bluetooth controller. I haven't encountered any glitches, and there's clouds safe. The cloud save is really cool because it can auto save now too. Five stars from me
I was really enjoying reliving a past memory playing this game till it locked up when trying to get the fire seed. Trying to use canon travel to go to the desert causes a  crash. Have reported multiple times to no avail.
You cannot return from the ice country. Either option at cannon travel will crash the game. Was very good to that point, but that is inexcusable. Luckily i only paid half price, guess i got my money's worth since i can't proceed to the second half. After repeated contact with support they basically gave up and said to Uninstall and re-download. They also said to reference the non existent compatibility list. What a joke. Poor decision square enix, just chased away a loyal customer for 20+ years.
Loved this game when it came out and picked it up out of nostalgia.  Disappointed that it glitches when coming out of a menu.  Dpad activates in a direction and constantly moves in that direction.  When going in to menus, you cannot get out and can't exit the game. Have to restart your device.  Even after the update, it still happens.  Now you can over ride it when running, but take your finger off or go to a menu and you are screwed.
Where's the achievements, cloud save, Google Play integration? Being able to play with someone online would've could've been absolutely phenomenal & was a missed opportunity. Instead, we get minimal. Great game, timeless, but this rendition isn't anything new & exciting... & then u change phones & lose all progress 😔
Jetpack joyride is one of if not the best mobile app on the market. It's amazing and responsivr controls make the game incredibly easy for anyone to pick up and play. I've spent countless hours playing in the desktop version and can say that the emmense amount of content in the game is sure to satisfy any compleationest like myself. It is also one of the few free to play apps that's doesn't feel like you Need to pay to get the whole experience. HalfBrick knows what they are doing. This game is incrfavly polished. A great example of this is the fanominol height of Berry.  With Every press of the phone screen you can really feel Betty's moment on! Exaalent game 10/10 IGN would jetpack again.
There is an awesome bug I'd found! (For the smart touchphones with a back button only) First, you need to pick a level then press the phone's back button. Then, you will be sent to the main menu without the music. Then turn off (not power off) your phone then turn it on and you will hear the music of the level you picked. That was so awesome and don't fix it ROBert TOPala or ROB TOP. Just joking...
Absolutely stunning game. Graphics are smooth and the gameplay is the most unique gaming experience I've had in a while. But the fact that its a paid app and you can finish both gamemodes in under two hours annoys me, and then the game has the balls to ask you to buy more levels! Tldr; Amazing game but much too short to justify price. 8/10
What this game lacks in length, it has in depth. Every aspect is thoroughly designed and it shows. The artwork is stunning, filled with detail and lovingly crafted. The gameplay is so smooth that you almos don't realize how complex are the puzzles; manipulating this strange world with bizarre geometry becomes second nature right from the start. And the sound design is just perfect. Every interaction with the world highlighted with beautiful sounds that don't feel out of place.  Every part of the game comes together in a lovely whole.
You don't play this game as much as you experience it. There are a few levels that really challenge your spatial reasoning and how you look at geometry. The music is soothing and the gameplay is simple and smooth as butter. Easily one of the best games I've ever played. Really hope they can put out some new levels one day, but the cost of this game plus the $1.99 in-game purchase for the extra pack is soooooooo worth it.
From the get go the sounds are soothing, the colors calming and dimensions calling ;) The story is light but the puzzle dimensions continuously drive you on to see what they will come up with next. It looks gorgeous through the whole game without becoming boring or repetative. The puzzles change so much that you never feel like you're seeing the same thing over and over again. It is well worth the money to play it.
I am not at all paid by the devs. I honestly think this is the single greatest cell phone. I'm not exaggerating at all. It's an amazing puzzle with beautiful art styling and gorgeous audio and not broken(remember that last one). There are a lot of clones, but this is the first and the best. It's completely worth the money and has no ads or micro transactions. (the in app purchase is for a dlc that's basically a sequel) The story was beautiful while vague. I've never cried for a SPOILER.
I'm not sure why people have such a problem paying $1 for half of a game and another $2 for the rest of it if you like it.  I would have rather paid $0 up front for 1/4 to try it out then another $5 for the rest.  Luckily though, I took the plunge and risked the first dollar.  Very fun thinking game.  Not super hard, but interesting.
I'm 25. came from a great generation of games. rpgs and story mean the world to me, and I've been extremely picky the last few years getting older. Never has a game caught me so quick as this, especially on a phone. I cannot recommend this game more. it's whimsical, beautiful, catching, stunning, brain tingling, and heart strumming all in one. Idk if it's just a fun nitch in my life this game has found, or if it really is just that F***ing amazing. GGWp.     edit:changed to 3 star for being INCREDIBLY short
I have high hope for Kairosoft games and it failed to deliver.
The A.I. cheats and will do everything in its power to not let anyone win but the A.I. including not choosing a resource and then kick you out your own game... amazing!
I actually love this game. I bought all the expansions and new scenarios and everything. That's how much I love it. But now, having got a new phone, I seem not to be able to access any of the expansions I paid for. I'm logged into my google account but it's asking me to buy them again. What gives? This is not ok.
Great game but on Samsung Galaxy S7 edge with android 6.0.1 multiplayer will not load. It just shows a blank screen. Bought for multiplayer, hence the 2 stars.
Terrible KI and they try to increase the difficulty with unfair dice rolls. Especially on hard. So, in general it is frustrating bcs you hardly get ressources but you still win easily. And the content you get for this price is just a joke ... Don't buy it!!!
Don't buy this unless you want to spend MORE MONEY. They lie to you about the campaign. None of them are available without buying more stuff. It's a horrible way to run anything. Plus the only map they give you is insanely boring and all the a.i suck. I want my money back.
After a slight hick-up after the last update, everything is back and running as usual. The devs were responsive and things got sorted. Happy to be back online.
Nearly perfect app. Everything you want out of a mobile Catan experience, on a local level anyway. The AI is smart enough that I don't win every time, and playing a local game with friends is simple enough just passing the device around. The online play can be glitchy at times, and the controls make it quite easy to accidentally quit an online game (and progress can't be saved on these).  One suggestion for improvement: when trading, it would be helpful to have an option to view the game board before accepting or rejecting a trade, in the same manner that you can view the game board before playing a knight at the start of your turn. I'd like to see my odds of receiving a replacement resource before trading it away.  Overall, fantastic work dev team!
I first played its earlier version and I was in love with this Game. Its gameplay is very unique. I purchased this one and it met every aspects of my expectations. People who are crying for losing purchased items or saved game. There's an option to save your gameplay in cloud strorage. Pls save your game's data quiet often to avoid risk of losing all
Cool game until you have lots of land and tractors, but non of your helpers can manage to navigate on their own. Constantly having to go and drive your tractor back to the farm because the helper decided to go on a pointless joy ride to the edge of the map. One star until it can be fixed.
My phone broke so i bought a new oneand logged into the same email and password..BUT!! I LOST EVERYTHING I HAVE EARNED AND BOUGHTIN ON THE GAME AND EVERYTHING WAS SAVED TO MY CLOUD!! I need som help and advice bc if i really have to start over then i would like a total refund on the game and of the game back into my bank account
Awesome love it but you gotta make season change rain snow mud  day n night is okay how about people walking around dogs out some Mudd would be awesome with tractor getting stuck n add JOHN DEERE AND A BIGGER TRUCK THST SCALE OF EVERYTHING ELSE LIKE DUALLY DURAMAX OR CUMMINS
After many hours of game play, and spending real money in game play, it froze then forced closed and when I reopened it and tried to load I only got a "Could not load, corrupt or missing data." WTF?!!! I WANT A REFUND!!! Update: Giant Games is now claiming that it's my fault and won't reinstate or refund my purchases. Won't be paying to play anymore of their games. Assholes.
Loved the game, almost had everything and it deleted my farm. So I emailed support and started another farm, a day later it deleted that farm also, support emailed me and said there was nothing they could do even though I had purchased coins... Very disappointed, should have at least gave me coins or my money back
Gutted!!!! I had to complete a factory reset. Upon re-installing all my purchases are gone aka load not there even conecting google. £30 down. Becareful
Good game! I never really play games like this before, it's so fun! I always wanted a kitten. It makes me feel so happy. And Tom was sooo cute! I like the way we punch him or whatever, but really, i'm looking forward for the next update. Make it more realistic, please? Just like our usually daily life. Just add some rooms, activities, games with higher coin earnings, and i really love it if it was online! So peoples could come to our house and stuff! Thank you Outfit7! Keep it up!
Awesome driver game with great graphics. Even though in app purchases are prevalent and sometimes too many ads, this gaming app is still #1 in my list of games. Even without coining the in app purchases you can still kick ass against some of the best of the best drivers. Just takes a bit more time and patience to get to higher driver ratings. Which does keep you interested and from burning out on the game. Great job, Still Kickin Ass Gameloft!!
Game controls are horrid. Whomever made this game didn't play it, or through it together one drunken night before work. Doesn't respond to touch or won't jump at all.
I think this game is really fun and challenging - if u like a challenge then download this game. I just wish all the maps and caracters where unlocked. If there is ever a 3rd temple run I would really like to see what they come up with. Maybe add some less expensive caracters though in both the 1st and 2nd games. Maybe update them so things cost less coins. I have been trying to get Scarlet fox since I first started playing temple run 1 and only have about 8000 coins.
Great game! I've never owned it on the PC even though I knew about it. It's pretty fun and I've sunk quite a few hours in. Learning curve is a bit difficult so I had to read some guides. My only gripe is that it doesn't have cloud save like the one in crashlands. That would've been perfect. When you switch your device you have to start all over.
The game is great never play it on pc before, the controls are good but need work. My game doesn't crash but sometimes I will It won't let me press stuff in the inventory or the meters of health, hunger, or sanity. Great game. I hope Don't Starve Together PE comes out soon. Thanks for the game.
This is a very fun and addictive game but it crashes constantly. I contacted the developers but they could not bother to respond. There also is no way to save progress without quitting the game. Very frustrating. It's a great game but it needs a lot of work.
Very interesting and time consuming game. I can easily spend hrs and not get bored. Just hope some expansions or additional content  is being considered because i feel the players need something to strive for.
The game overall is like a mini PC version which I've played countless hours of, but we desperately need better placement controls. Maybe implement a Sims like placement system for built and foliage items where it pauses the game and allows grid vision.
Love the game.  But it constantly crashes.  Please fix.  Its a 5star game.  Uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times.  It crashes on the home screen.  I'd expect better, from a game you have to pay for.  Still cant play it.  Update Jan. 2017.  Game updated on my tablet.  Awesome game.  No crash problems so far.  Thank You Klei. Edited 1/29/17 Its back to crashing again.  It loads more consistently,  but the random crash issues havent been fixed
Great game, loved it on console and thats why i bought it on mobile. However ot needs to be fixed with the regards to the controls. It is impossible to build walls that sit next to each other. Sort it out..
Nba live mobile is fun and addicting. The game changes so much though, to many updates. The 3 point shot is harder, you need at least an 82 and above 3 point rating to sink the shot more than 50 percent of the time. You almost need to be open every time to make any shot. The game is fun though. I play it everyday upgrading my team. The luck in this game is high most of the time. It takes a long time to get great players.
Opponents scores are being computer generated and after update your opponent is nearly always way above my level so what chance have got of winning so why play? It is also battery hungry and why do you lose everything if your tablet has to be factory reset or you transfer to a newer model, surely there should be a way of returning to the game where you were before experiencing problems, please FIX
Great game, but is destroyed and made way harder because of glitches with the controls.  Can't easily charge up weapon attacks which makes killing enemies way harder.
Avoid this app. Almost unplayable. The framerate is horrible, which is an odd thing to say about a snes game. The animations are all screwy. Impossible to play at a decent skill level because it runs like a stop motion video.  How do you screw up something like this? The snes version is buttery smooth but this version is broken. This is on an Xperia z3 which can run it just fine. It's just made poorly. Want my money back for this piece of crap.
I've levelled up my weapon gauge and stuff, I thought you just hold the button down but it doesn't work, help!
I was totally loving the game and it works well on Android. However a bug where a healing spell is cast but never lands on the target means I am fighting a loosing battle and the CONSTANT menu popping up every time I swipe right is SO IRRITATING! it was great but this has but me off. So close yet so far.
It brings back childhood memories...one of the best RPGs ever made but it keeps crashing whenever I want to proceed from the kakkara desert -_- please fix that...i paid money for this.
If u love or even like action RPG try this game it's so much fun to play! Keep in mind this game came out 1993 on the SNES so graphics and items are dated and story kind off silly but it doesn't matter still give 5 stars for a fun game and every works great no crashes or freezing.
This game was a GEM, it s worth a lot on NES now, I got edited to get it on tablet for cheap but it was rushed. Commands are dodgy, making it hard to play, menus are a pain to navigate.
I cannot get past the title screen. The app keeps crashing.  Someone help me!  I want to play this game so badly.
Great game. Only giving a low rating because the ps4 version for $2.99 has a major glitch which has been ignored for far too long. If you choose to cash in later the cash in button becomes unselectable. Boycotting the phone version for now. Again, great game but dissapointed with no patch to fix. I think it's only after level 15. Please fix this Halfbrick. Thank you
All the glitches are fixed, thank you for that, but i don't understand these new holiday updates. There are no prizes to win like there were for the Halloween update. During the Halloween update,  I played the game 3x as much because i could earn prizes. Now prizes are only for real cash. I have almost all of the in game items, upgrades and ride skins, so where's no incentive to keep playing?
This is just simply a wonderful little gem of a game from the second you start up to play. Game wise all you have to do is collect coins while jet packing away also look out for bonus items to help you along the way and I'd you do die the first time around you can get a free life by watching an add no big deal imo overall one good little game ..
Turned the game back on. EVERYTHING was gone. I had a glich and it gqve me all items. But now two of the upgrades coust 10 dollars for bot! You people are S H I T! Unresponsive controls as well!? And all the good reviws are from previous versions.
I used to play this game way back on my iPod 2. It's still around and that's great. Great same game. Of course they added some in game purchases. They are a little annoying. But for that rich kid it'll advance you faster, if you don't have hours to move ahead. All around fun, time wasting game.
Years of playing still not get tired of this game. Quick gameplay with loads of stuff can get you entertained when you are bored or in public places. Keep updating new stuff and bring back events would be great. Best arcade game ever!
The gameplay is awsome and somewhat funny. The problem is, everytime I "kill" a scientist with a mgjp the game suddenly lags. Could you please fix that?
Hard but fun. I love nearly every part of it. If you are thinking of getting the game then I can assure you that it will give you hours of entertainment as it is quite addictive. I personally think that the adverts should  be removed as they pop up every 5 deaths. I do enjoy this game and it is worth getting but the graphics make your eyes go blurry which is a downfall to the game. All in all its a very good game and you should definitely download it.
I love geometry dash but I get kind of cross eyed. The color and everything appearing in front of me is just eye bogiling. So if u make a geometry dash 2 don't make it the same, BUT KEEP THE MUSIC!! Omg I love the  music, it's so upbeat. And the little blocks are sooooooo cute. I will give u a 5 star if u fix the stuff appearing right in front of me, Otherwise I love it! Oh and one more thing, I'm gonna get geometry dash  world, and geometry dash meltdown after I finish this one.
It is one of my most favorite games. But they can definitely cut down on all of these ads. Every 5 times I die there is an ad. But other then that it is an amazing game. New levels coming in is a great feature and the music is amazing. These levels are easy then challenging. It is a fun and addictive game. Same with geometry dash meltdown and world.
Its easy because im only 8 and ive finished Stereo Madness, Back on track, Polargiest, Dry out, base after base, cant let go, jumper, time machine and X-step. That means i really enjoy this game and practice all the time, even my 11 cousins love this game. PLEASE GET THIS GAME RIGHT NOW!!!!
Sometimes I try to jump and I land on one of those spike things. Just cruel. Other times I TRY to jump and it doesn't work and I die. But the graphics are great. And sometimes the lags confuse me. 😈😬😲 I also beat Stereo Madness, Base After Base, Poltergeist,  and Dry Out , and Back On Track!! But I still HATE this
So great and i love the music 🎶. If you make a second one then you should make the graphics better cos after a while your eyes go blurry.hard but good. It is one of those games that are really addicting and you just can not stop playing it. Overall great game.
Everyone.  This is a thought about urs. If they want to download and see for them selves then they can.  Don't influence then not to. This hate and love thing Is going on forever. Just say how u feel about it.  Not if other people should download or not!  This gets on my nerves. But I really enjoy playing geometry dash.  It entertains, gives me a challenge, and very addictive. Thank you RobTop for this amazing game!  😊
What an absolutely beautiful game! I'm still blown away by the designs. I don't regret spending money on this game because it was not only beautiful but it was an all-rounder puzzle game (not super easy and not super hard where it's frustrating). I admit I had some wtf moments when the illusions were just trippy :P It would of been nice if the game was a little longer though. You could probably finish this in a day or less but other than that 11 crow people out of 10!
This game will blow your mind, bend the laws of physics, make your hairs stand on end and will make you shocked. By far the most amazing, beautiful and well made game I've ever played, not only on my phone but though out all of my gaming experiences. Looks amazing on my s7 edge. The game can be long or short, as it differs from how much you think outside the box. The graphics and visuals are amazing, the puzzles are those made by a genius and the story will touch you. Genuinely, amazing. Just get it. &lt;3
I completely feel in love with this application, as did my 7 year old, but we were terribly disappointed by only 19 levels. They're so quick to complete that it's all over too soon! We didn't feel it was too easy, just to short. Visuals: AMAZING. Sorry: INTRIGUING. Overall, our ONLY complaint is that it needs more levels. PLEASE add more levels!
$4 for an hour or two of game play... It's not a bad deal compared to a movie ticket but it doesn't have much replay-ability so its literally a one shot game. That being said, graphics are great, game play is amazing, and the soundtrack pulls it together. I don't regret the money I spent, but I'm back in Google play looking for something else to play.
A lovely isometric geometry game with lovely graphics. The rotating wheels are slightly unpredictable and it does eat into the battery, though this still doesn't spoil the game. More levels would be nice, though the ones which are already there are fantastic. SPOILER: I thought that by the end of the game I would find out what Ida wants to be forgiven for though this never revealed -  perhaps this would ruin the mystery of the game.  It is overpriced, though I got 80% off in an Easter deal!
My girlfried was showing me this 🎮, saw the preview and knew I wanted it then and there no doubt. The game is absolutely worth the pay graphics are mind blowing short games hell makes you wish you could create more levels. Hope this game gets an upgrade with more levels im defiantly updating this and I will then buy the next stage. Please make more levels im dying to see whats and if something new comes ☝ my 👂 are all in
This is the most beautiful mobile game I've ever seen. It's absolutely brilliant and captures the essence of Escher fantastically. I believe Escher himself would be amazed by this game. However, this us not really a puzzle game. When the only action you can take solves the puzzle, it's not really a puzzle. Even though I was awestruck at every level, the whole game only took me a few minutes to go through. Forgotten Shores doesn't require download, this us just disrespectful.
I like the game a lot. I just hope that new content will be added soon. I'm lvl 63 and have finished all armory upgrades. Nothing to look fwd to or to help expedite my progress to higher levels. leveling up to this point is faster because you can have an armory upgrade and building upgrade going simultaneously. Now that the armory upgrades are complete this is no longer the case so to be fair, the extra builder option should be available to use by using either gold or diamonds.
I just downloaded couple days ago and I can't play Online today. there is no email available to complain. I love this game. I will probably ask for my money back if the online mode is not working.
Good enough to be able to play but much room for improvement. Need to speed up the gameplay process a bit as well as work out bugs. Should be more developed for a paid app.
I can not play, or even find where to play the new adventures expansions. I am told that I have  purchased and installed them, but can't find them in the game anywhere. I have uninstalled and reinstalled, still this expansion is not there.
Love the game, but app is still buggy. I've had it for a couple years now and the computer players always get the benefits while you get screwed. However, a new problem I've been having is with the robber. When I go to move him, the majority of the hexes fade and I'm left to choose from the ones my settlements are touching or flanked roads are touching... I can't put it wherever I want and therefore can't prevent my opponents from receiving a certain resource. It's extremely annoying and unfair, especially when I keep getting attacked and can't do anything to retaliate. I still kick butt though :)
I would like to be able to see the board when other players offer a trade, and to play with less than 4 people, and a more comprehencive dificulty setting for the ai but aside from those minor things its just like the game i know and love!
Need to give the option to vote to kick after x amount of time. This only happens at the start of the game yet players sit and don't make a move for a long time. There should be a speed game time where players have a time limit to make their move.
It gets old playing 4 vs 1.  There's no logic to the trades, it you against 3. If you're leading, many 7s will be rolled and even if you behind and a 7 is rolled...they rob you instead of the leader.
I'm addicted to this game so for sure there's a lot of fun to be had. Online play needs rethinking however. I've given up trying to play online. Way too slow and there arent enough controls to keep players moving the game along at a reasonable pace. Also, i can't be sure if this is true but I notice a definite trend when the computer places the robber on your territory it becomes MUCH more likely that the number they are blocking will get rolled over and over again. Probability works in funny ways so it's entirely possible this is pure chance but something feels like it isn't.
I keep getting an error when trying to go into the Online section. Definitely doesn't make the $4.99 price tag worth it with that not working.
Whenever I would ever start to play it it would glitch out. I am very fonded of 14 and I was so far in that game where I had to delete everything in order to get this one. Pay five dollors for the game to glitch out. Want the promblem resolve quick. If not resolved I want the money back but I would rather have the game fixed.
I have the PC game and mobile game and I get that they can't be the same because of the form factor. But there could be more there are no plows and far less equipment to buy. I love the games don't get me wrong but it could be better. If you ever have issues you would be better off speaking to a brick wall they are very ignorant and not helpful at all.
This Game seriously needs more vehicles, bigger land, more farms.. perhaps a selection of maps as this basic one can get boring. Especially once you master it
Great game but the games glitches after about 5 min of me playing it, with makes the game a bit laggy. But i don't understand it because my brother does not have any problem with it.
Every time i try to work on my fields, there is this odd patch of water that appears above my vehicle and obscures my sight and it takes so much more time to work on the field. Please fix this
I'm a big fan of FS, when you have a stressful day at work it's great to drive that huge machinery on the way home. Highly recommend for all y'all
I love My Talking Tom very much! I originally downloaded the game for a friend of my grandson, but fell in love with it myself. It would be nice to have the steak, lobster as well as the bacon, eggs and the sausages back for Tom to eat. Please re-add if possible.  Also, I agree with the person that asked about visiting other Toms for the treasure chests, it was more fun; you never new what you would get. Thank You!
I love the game but I wish it had purple fur and they could have like fabric looking skins, but I will still rate this 5 stars! excellent! but also I would get rid of some of the ads cuz when they pop up, it restarts my game.. but still its a  if ur bored play it kind of thing to it, also addicting. I recommend for kids if they are in love with animals, rated e for everyone!
Tom is a typical Cat. Take care of a few basic needs (food, place to sleep, light attention like buy him cool clothes and decorate his Kitty Pad. Easy-Peezy.... But like so many 'FREE GAMES it basically offers 2 play styles.#1. Grind out free coins and buy basics..   or #2. Drop $2 or $3 and pimp your Kitty with the goods. I pride myself on never selling out with in game purchases.... UNTIL NOW. FOR$2.99 MY TOM WANTS FOR NOTHING & AND THE GAME PLAY IS MUCH MORE FUN THIS WAY.
i love this game and so does my little brother. it helps me sleep in when he wakes up earlie...lol... but where are the games that wers on there when i first got it, like the dressup game, or the hit the mouse game?? i would like these games to come back id possible as i really enjoyed them. other than that this is a great game and i recomend it for any ages.!!
I don't usually play these kinds of games, but it's strangely addictive. Its also good for road trips because it does not require wifi! It's very entertaining too. My little brother laughs when he repeats what you say. I would definitely recommend this app to anyone at any age!
I have loved this app until recently. There are now way to many adds that my son is constantly getting stuck in. Now you have to watch a video to get the sleep potion, after you are already watching 2 just to start games. I also get random pop ups all the time. So annoying! I will be deleting this app after having it for four years.
Why? My daughter fell in love with the game and I thought it was a decent game. Until, she said look, you can slap him and then he falls down. (You basically can slap him until he falls down and has stars going around his head) WHAT? WHY? Why is that necessary? Will be deleting. Absolutely unnecessary.
I love the game.it is good. We can dress tom in less money. We can feed tom. We can give him a bath. But it has soo many ads whenever i open the free gift it never has a video or if it has it doesn't give a gift so pls. Fix this problem and it will rate it 5★★★★★
Talking tom is the FUNNIEST game ever you can play mini games and level him make him bigger and dress him up mostly NAME HIM but there's more stuff he can REPEAT WHAT YOU SAY and he can do funny things when you TAP HIM also download talking Angela Thank you. ^_^
So much fun loving and add8cted to this game.wow😉am amazed with the new update and those f1 cars so amazing to drive.  I like the latest update.with the new R&D of renault.so loving it.the only thing i dont like is with the control of mclarren.it over drift when corniring so hate it when im leading the race.i guess controls have an issue with those highspeed cars it overdrifts.hope u guys able to do some improvement on that.  Lastly i had an issue with the upgrades.the coins was deducted but the upgrade didnt😡😡😡
Cons: Ads just get in the way. At least one ad after every game, sometimes through the middle of races. Cars and endless upgrades very expensive. New multiplayer sucks. Very hard to progress. Don't like how when steering the car can sometimes automatically drift and then you crash and lose the race. R&D and enduro events not worth wasting credits for. Pros: Daily tasks back up to 20 tokens. Graphics n game play very good. Impressed. New track is great. Can't wait for new cars. Offered sales on cars much needed. Thanks gameloft. New update is great fun.
Love this game, kills my battery but well worth it. I play this game nearly every day and I'm always sucked into it for hours. Only one criticism, the race boost timers, should only countdown when racing not when loading. The load screens take ages... I.e 10min boost = 2 races@ 2mins a race. Otherwise awesome, love it
The graphics are good. Theres a wide variety of cars available. Theres also a wide variety of racing tracks available. Its not really necessary to spend real money but it does make a difference to purchase tokens and cash. You can still enjoy the game by completing the different challenge modes(career, multiplayer, mastery, or etc). There are still glitches/bugs present. I like that there are more racing events available. I also like that there are more special racing events available.
Stunning graphics, fantastic gameplay. Considering this is free, and the progression that can be made without making any purchases it is exceptional value for money. Only downside is how addictive it is, I've lost weeks! 😂 I uninstalled it after getting to level 8 after realising I'd never be able to max out my cars... I'm now waiting for it to install again. Need to do the daily challenges! I've paid for a few items, just to support the developers. Seems fair.
The core gameplay is awesome. The sense of speed is awesome and it made doing tricks of ramps amazing. One slightly bad thing is that the game really wants your money. If you don't pay you can still get the best everything, but you will grind insanely. I am one of those weird people who is OK with grinding, if you are not like me and don't want to spend money on a game that deserves it then dont get it.
The game itself is probably the best racing game around, so why do I not give it 5 stars. It is because of the constant downloads. When the game is update you have to download extra files sometimes quiet a lot of extra files 700MB plus. Then when you go in the game it also has to download again for every action you have to do. How hard is it to include everything in one bloody download.
Absolutely horrid. Crappy controls with a boring gameplay. Might be difficult, but that's only because they controls are crap. If I could, I'd give it less than one star.
i love this game but i know that its hard but i really like it sometimes it goes too fast for me so I have to start all over multiple times u guys who dont have it u gotta try it like now because its so amazing how thay made a game of a song its just like juju on that beat but for me i think it go to fast but i love it and so are you when u get it!!!
The controls are terrible how how it's supposed to jump that far and when you're at the right amount of jump you can't jump like you miss it so this game is terrible so whoever goes and installs is this game that's good because it's horrible and wasting your space so whoever made this game they didn't think right and they didn't play it so whoever played this you should know that if you pass this level you are so lucky but I can't could it be cheating or that's how the game goes but they kept making it farther and farther and farther so whoever made this game better get it right because nobody's going to play this game anymore so get it right or I will just submit this comment so everyone that played this can read this comment and when they read this comment that means they know terrible cuz I'm telling the truth I played it and it sucks.... Don't even comment back cuz I know I'm right because I played it and I kept getting frustrated because he doesn't deserve to be at thousand lakes now I will submit this if I have to terrible game.
Very bad controls, it's almost impossible to play... Doesn't jump when you want her to jump. Fix the controls and it will be a good game!
It's sad that this lil disrespectful girl is getting GLORIFIED for being a rude, obnoxious, disrespectful child and her mother is just as bad. I only downloaded it to see why this girl's getting so much attention..
The graphics arent bad but not good either, and some ppl say controls are bad but they arent... actually quite easy
The game is almost perfect. There are some bugs that I already expected, like unexpectedly freezing, controls not responding, I don't know if it's my phone's processor that causing this problems or it's the game itself... Graphics are fantastic, I just hope I can recover my data from my other phone since I'm using the same account. I already have good scores with my old phone it just can't handle the size of the app cause it's increasing overtime, now the I installed this to a new phone it's not so good to start again from the start. Over all I always love the game keep up the good programming guys 👍👍👍
Update: Passed 13 million lifetime points and around 5000+ games. Recently, I got a new phone. Now I have to start over. Very disappointed that even with Google Play Games, my stats weren't saved. Past tense.  Closing in on the final objective -- 10,000,000 meters distance.  Getting harder to reach that goal because the only reason to play is for the daily or weekly challenges -- boring.  Tell me Temple Run 3 is in the works! Please!!?
It's a great game, I can see how much it has come from the days of its first release. However it has become confusing, I don't think I can play it much again, maybe I'm too used to the old style. I'll be removing it but I still highly recommend it to people who love graphically rich games.
It is good but not much thrilling. Many characters have weapons  but these remain useless. If the creature could attack from anywhere like Frozen Shadows and they might be killed by the weapons then this game must reach another level.
You know it's a total CRAP!!!! when I try to jump it goes to Side. My other games like subway surfers does not have any problem like this. Please fix this and I will rate you 5 stars. It used to be best of my games. Now it has become a Total CRAP!!
when i try to play yesterday the game was all new as if im a 1st time user i have purchased gems and now its nill i updated the game to see of it would reset bk to my old game but nothing.... This is a rip off
Note: coin doubler is 5$ (4.99) which is little more expensive than most games with no ads.  There is no friggen way 5% of real players sit in front of this game for 45 mins continously without crashing to gain 25k+ coins in one run without coin doubler. This is clearly an attempt to get people to buy coin doubler. This game is becoming a chore to play and i for one do not like chores in video games.  Also, i can no longer pause in run as it will randomly hang if i go to do anything else.  Game just tried to sell me the coin doubler to win thus confirming my rant.  If i dont win this 25k challenge, this game will no longer be my primary goto.
I thought the game was entertaining, challenging, and fun. I have been playing for almost 190 days consecutively. Up until I signed on to play and was greeted with some yahoo's "political statement".  It's a GAME, NOT a political platform.  What a shame!!!
The control system sucks donkey's ass. I WOULDN"T EVEN GIVE IT A 1 OUT OF 5 stars (for the controls). I hate how that fact that you can't do things at the same time and have to do it one at a time. For example: can't cook food over the campfire multiple times at once, can't craft multiple ropes at the same time, ect.   The solution of this problem ( I think) would be if you want to cook berries over the campfire multiple times is to hold the berries over the fire and wait for a few seconds, and a number display would came up to tell how many you are cooking the berries for, the longer to hold down over the fire, the more berries will be cooked until you ran out. If you want to cancel your request (assuming that you haven't let go of your fingers yet) you can wipe it out of the campfire, and all the berries will go back to your inventory  The other minor control issue i have is that there's needs to be a better way of drag stuff in and out of the chest or structure with inventory slots to your inventory. Planting crops is another issue.  When I play the game, I can't help to notice that there are things such as plants, animals are blurry, please fix it. I'm using the Pixel.
The controls are terrible. I will constantly move when I try dragging something out of my inventory. Other then that it is amazing.
Amazing game, but that was already made for the pc, the port is terrible for phones. The UI is WAY better now, but the game has crashed for the third time bow after about a half hour of playing
Don't Starve is great! The game is challenging, but extremely fun. The controls need some work, but other than that, I'd recommend it to anyone. I would really like to see Shipwrecked on Android.
I love this game,i actually like it more on my phone because on the phone it actually pauses the game when you open the menu to build something,i hate that they didn't include this in the pc version. If they did i would play it on both.will you make shipwrecked pocket edition as well? I sure hope so
Let's begin with the bad things first: **NOTICE I AM USING AN ANDROID 5.02  MOTOROLA G2 TO PLAY THIS GAME** in this particular device (Should you fear about moto g2 crashes) FEAR NOT! the game doesn't crash, but the start screen is "Zoomed in"   :: The only Issue: In my "Motorola 2n generation" the start screen is "zoomed in" nothing that a resolution fitting doesn't fix.  The game is playable on Motorola G2 it is playable people!  About the game itself: Here's my review:  I am EXTREMELY PICKY when playing and even more "Paying" for Android games,  personally i've played "Crashlands" in the past and i feel "Don't Starve Pocket Edition" is the evil twin brother, humorous and insanely difficult at some point, the music is gorgeous, the art style is superb (No wonder they get that "best art award" in the past, well deserved!) the option to use the analog stick was a very nice feature but for someone like me (click and point playstyle) it's not that useful, but still it's nice to know i have that option.  Very few games nowadays have that (User / Developer) interaction, klei has done the right thing by giving this game its own official forum. WORTH EVERY CENT!
Graphics are great for this type of game when I got the game it was interesting to watch the video but please get rid of the sound when they speak I sounds squeaky and broken please change the sound . And please add a mode where you die you just lose some times and spawn at your home. And for that make a [set home location] button  . Game is cool and fun to play when your bored    :)
The game is amazing! I personally think this is better than the 2k17 mobile version. This has live events, sets, auction houses. Awesome! But I feel like the game is a bit unbalanced. Please make some tweaks on the game. Improve the players movements and dribbles and shots. It would really increase the games popularity if it is improved! Also, the award winners and suppremacy sets are way too hard. I hope that you may tweak it a bit making it more easier to collect those collectibles.
This game's graphics and game is awesome and addictive. But it can be improved further. This game should have features like euro games, exhibition games in other countries, season games like in real NBA Season and have draft players available for trade after the 1st season for whichever team you choose. Can exchange drafts slots for players. Lastly, all those collectibles to be available for sale for coins, instead of keeping so many in My Items, to rot there. Make live games Easier to win, can win more coins to buy top players, so that my sons can play. Keep it up and keep improving.
The app's good,but you need to do small improvements like- Adding  my player and my career mode. Then make stamina 100. Also, can you please make the season games longer like , for one quarter 5min or 10 min. Then add players like Michael Jordan and Abdul kareem jabbar. Make free throws more common. If you make these improvements I will give you a five star.
This is a 5 star quality game and I love playing it.  The problem is that the game constantly loses connection to the server causing you to lose progress and auctions.  Sometimes this happens multiple times back to back.  I have used this game on multiple wifi connections and LTE+ with one of the best cellphones available and it makes no difference.  It would be nice if challenges would actually give you a variety of collectibles rather than the exact same ones over and over,  forcing you to exchange.
You guys have to update this game. In a season u should show who scored baskets mostly and 3 pointers. After winning all the games in a season you guys should give a star player like kevin love who ranks 89,90. Try to reduce some prices of star playera like steph curry, klay thompson, Kevin durant, Kyrie irving. I would give 5 stars for this game. If i dont see any updates im sorry i would reduce it for 2 or 3 stars.  THANKYOU
Very good mechanics and good graphics but ea sports should update NBA live Mobile put a mycareer and a myplayer.also a practice mode.you should be able to design your own courts,shoes,and basketballs.and put improved graphics where you can see there faces clearly. and you should be able to see the name clearly on the back of the Jerseys. Put more live events .Get 100/100 stamina. also you can go past a level 50. give us 12 minutes on every quarter. put more dribble moves on. Also breaking people ankle.
The new update is okay. However already noticed a bug.. Everytime I play the arena after the match it takes me back out to the menu screen. Makes it take a long time to play multiple matches. Also anybody else notice you haven't been able to change your avatar since the first update.. that's My review. Enjoy
**UPDATE - since update Im now playing in the arena against players 30 levels above me...and I'm UP there.  Impossible to play against someone like that and loaded with all spells.  I see I'm not alone with this complaint.  Fix this ROVIO!! ** Fun....that is all....fun....oh...maybe a great addition to the Angry Birds family...but...fun....yup....
We play this game all the time. My girl and I love it. However, there are a few things that ruin the experience. For some reason I don't get treasure chests on my map anymore. They would usually be after hard levels etc. Also, after watching a video, the sound vanishes. Other than that, it's amazing.
Daily challenges have been made easy. In previous version, daily challenges were difficult but now the new update made it easy... Thanks to the team for giving us new update... And in arena , we could be able to save our score by watching a video and we get a free bird . Thats awesome indeed....
Would've loved it if you could just play levels without all the added rubbish.  The old version is much better. It would load quicker if there wasn't all the unnecessary extras. You have made a good thing bad I'm sorry to say.
This game is great, however due to the recent update, it has gone to crap. How do you expect me to clear the daily missions when part of it is buying gem letters? And the taking away of rooms in the stages of the daily challenge? Also stupid, that takes the challenge out of it. Fix these enforced stupid and unnecessary changes and I will gladly change my review.
They removed the customizable character behaviors via the action grid and just put predefined behaviors instead. The idea seems good, until you notice that the only behaviors available are "Rush in and die" and "Stay away and never attack". This broke the allies' AI.
Game measures up to the snes classic.however the movement is kinda glitchy, and the fps is laggy. Directional button could be scaled slightly bigger and fps improved for smoother gameplay. The snes version  had smoother running graphics for its time than the app for android and ios
I should have listened to other reviews. First minute of playing i start moving to the left and cannot stop. I seemingly cannot charge my attacks either.    I LOVE this game it truly saddens me to be unable to play my childhood fav again.
Better to emulate the SNES ROM than to play this. The Android Shield TV doesn't even let you click on 'START' to play the game. An imbecile could've made a better port than this!
Love this game, been playing for about 3 years now, currently in the 500s for level, have all jet packs, clothing and achievements.  already have spent some money on it but I feel the prices for said things were and still are a little ridiculous all in all great game only recommendations would be CRASHES, COST OF (DLC) and MORE ACHIEVEMENTS, hope this comments noticed😅. HBS
It's really good graphics and a good game to play when your on Holiday or if your going some and it has none Wi-Fi  good if you want to go somewhere like to the shop or something you only need Wi-Fi S.A.M hopefully you guys like just as much I do good if your board and you want to play something you know what game it is? Well the answer is this you'll will in joy every single one of us .
I used to love playing this game. In fact, I started playing it about 4 years ago but then took a break from it for a couple years. I reinstalled the game a little bit before Christmas and discovered that all of my purchases and progress had been deleted. I sent an email off to support, and it took them over a week to get back to me. I replied with all of the information they asked for and still have not heard anything back. This has also happened with another Halfbrick game I play called Dan the Man. I'm really disappointed with the level of customer service from such a successful company. Therefore I rate this game 1 star, because I've wasted my time and money. 😕👎
Epic game but I found this glitch where is few watch a video to revive your character it would change your character and every item into something else like my Jetpack turn into my character turned into two little blocks and then it turned into two Christmas hats plz fix it
It's great very fast paced but the spin coins never give you anything anymore and the In app purchases are worse, I'm not going to pay 5 dollars for a jet ski that used to be free.
I love jetpack joyride cause : one there are no adds ! Two you get lots of money in only just one game! Three at the begging of the game you get about 200 money cool right and four  the things you by are really cool and you by them for not that much!!!!  That's why I would recommend this game to others!!!
Sometimes when I open the game or when I'm done watching an ad to revive myself, Barry looks out of place he just looks like random sprites all over and even the jetpack looks strange so please update so this bug get fixed and also... lag.
DO NOT BUY CRATES!!! I just got my 20th legendary crate and won the HH Cassius weapon. The problem is, it never actually gave me the weapon. I go to assault rifles and its still locked. Hothead games just ripped me off and there is no way to contact them for help on their website. If you try to email them, it just forwards you to the Faqs page.
Yah, I think Geometry Dash is a good game in all but... can u guys at least put 2 check points in Normal mode? Because I'm trying to  finish all the tracks in Geometry Dash but now I'm stuck on Jumper & on all the other tracks I get REALLY far on them then I fail & I get pist off. So if u guys put at least 2 check points I'll rate to 5 stars! And also update clubstep too then ill rate this to 5 stars!
The thing I don't like obout is that my eyes get blery after a while but exempt from that it's amazing so please make it go a bit slower in geometry dash 2 if you make one it's the best game ever
I like everything about this game,music, the quantity and style of the levels I've got the free version on both my tablet and phone. Ads were expected as it's a free game and they only seem to pop up after a few failed attempts anyway. I absolutely love it!!
Sometimes glitches  I love the game like when you die it's like awesome music then BOOP! Sometimes the game doesn't allow me to jump but I'm fine with that. And I love how if you put a face on the cube,sometimes the face will be upside down. My advice is to get this game. It's so fun!!!
This game has very fun maps but the most best thing is the music because it creates happiness inside. If you listen closely then you will notice jumper has the same music as a map in castle crashes
I love geometry dash but they make my eyes blury and I don't like it. Geometry dash Is my favourite. Whoever made this game well done I think you are amazing. I am proud I love the songs. I play on it every day. If it says quantock boys I'm a girl but I'm using my dad's tablate. It's January 1st 2017 oh it's Saturday as well happy new year
I love this game but when I tried to make an account it glitched my game so now when I tap I don't jump until almost a second later please fix this if you can but it happened to my other 2D sidescrollers like badland and jetpack joyride,so if you have any advice on how to fix it or anything please help but still good game.
I'd say this game was more of a spectacle than anything else. The graphics and mesmerizing colours are what sold me to continue into the extension although the puzzles are not too difficult. It's a fine balance between a relaxed game and a challenging one. Definitely worth the money just for the concept itself. Looking forward to more levels, please!
This game was verry cute and super fun to play...for a few hours. I couldn't believe how short this game was for the 4 dollars I paid. I just got this game this morning! My sister just got  it too and both of us already finished it today. We just waisted 8 $! The app designers should make this worth it and make it long.
Is puzzling a real word? I don't know. The game looks gorgeous and the music arrangement makes playing the game a relaxing experience. Looking at the different environments and geometry could amaze anyone. The use of the touch screen is also perfect for mobile devices. The puzzle mechanic is a great idea, but poorly executed however. Most of the times you simply have to walk to a button by spinning around a wheel, and wait for something that makes the next button available. Doesn't really make you think.
Monument Valley is no ordinary game.  It has beautiful music, a great story, calm gameplay, and still holds a true challenge and is still labeled as a puzzle, but feels like a game.  The artwork and design is created with love and a passion for sharing its beauty.   Overall, my favorite game by-far in the app store and one that I cannot stop playing.
This game is amazing in both depth and design and, although a bit short, totally worth the price. That said, I'm having issues purchasing forgotten shores. Whatever the type of payment I chose this type of payment is refused. Since I can purchase other products from the play store, I think this issue is specific to this expansion. I'll gladly rate this app 5 stars if this issue is resolved.
I've recently taken a break from console and PC gaming to focus on studies and work, but this damn mobile game had me hooked! I was devastated to finish it all :( Im a student game designer and this game is an incredible inspiration for offering something unique, challenging and fun! It was also beautiful to look at. If you are ever looking for another member of the team! I have an email ahah
Visually beautiful! This is a breath of fresh air in a guns, bombs, fast cars and zombie dominated world. I couldn't get enough of it and didn't stop playing until it was completed. That said it was over far, far, far too quickly. The game guides you through so the levels are/can seem easy as there is no wrong way to play. It is just a matter of how quickly you will figure it out. All that said I did pay to play the extra levels as I couldn't get enough of it. I Look forward to more, more than 10 levels!
I have never written a game review before but this one deserves it. It's absolutely beautiful. The look and feel of the game and the music and sounds and everything just comes together in perfect harmony. Don't want to stop playing but have work tomorrow so thought the least I could do was write a good review before sleeping
It is a battle for islands and defend yours. I play every day. The only negative thing I can say is you do not get very much diamonds for theprice. For example ten bucks the diamonds you get for that I can spend in 2 seconds and you don't get much for what you did with the Diamonds. My personal opinion is if you added more diamonds for the price or either lower it I feel you will make more money in the long run and your customers will be very much happier. But please don't let this keep you from downloading
You do not have to spend lots of cash to enjoy this game. I use it as a 5 min pickup through the day which will give you enough enjoyment to keep it running long term without worrying about hitting an artificial wall or being squished by some higher level player .
A couple things could be better 1- "Connection lost" scenarios need work better than they currently do. It will count an attack with all progress lost despite being mostly through an attack. 2- It would be nice to have more creative NPC bases (Dr T and gearheart), rather than just a random scattering of defenses.   Overall the only mobile game that has kept me engaged over a month.
Great long term game! 100% perfect IF only we had a better base edit option to hold your buildings. ...Not enough room to make a new base. Horrible to not the space to make a new base layout because 3/4 of your base is packed with mines that you will have to move one by one just for it to be in your way later down the road while you finish your edit.
I love this game. Every Supercell game that I have played has been great. Warning: VERY addictive - you WILL get hooked! Everything about the game is awesome, from the graphics to the gameplay. I couldn't find a negative thing to say about this game if I wanted to. The developers are always working hard to improve and add new content which is what makes it such a high quality game. :-)
I am 45 and i play this with my 10 and 11 yr olds. One feature I would like to see is the ability to attack more then once per task force operation and it would be a 5 star review, and if we  could share resources with our teammate! Make it happen! Let's do this!
DESERVES 5 STARS... The game is awesome and I'm on it full day.. but it needs improvements. • Opponents should be decided on xp level, not victory points. • Need the option to donate resources between players in task forces.    These are some of the main problems and are not only mine, from my task force members
After defending from being attacked and you claim the rewards, I only get the gems, never the intel. Sometimes I get notifications that my troops are loaded, but most of the time there is no notification which wastes my boost time since I assume they are still loading. Sometimes I load my troops and when I do get the notification and log in my boats are empty am I have to reload again. Anyone else having these problems?
Excellent game!! I am currently maxed out on all upgrades, yes all! It would be nice if I could share my loot with my team, since I don't need it anymore. More than one attack per operation would be great as well. Any chance of adding some new content soon?
I want a refund. The AI gangs up on the player and makes the experience too frustrating. I'll stick to playing the board game.
So far it has been great but I am not able to add more than one buddy. It does give me the option to add more people to the list. Please advise.
32 rolls, 20 of them 9s. Lightning just struck the meteor that landed on my head...twice.  needs to be fixed!
Love this game! Works great for the most part. Just having trouble adding friends to the buddy list
Need to fix dice play. Lands on same numbers to many times. Not fun, annoying.
Bought all the expansions.   I wish the game would support rotating on the phone. It's really annoying.
Always glitches/crashes with online play. Needs to be fixed for a $5 app
It's SoC for your phone! What's not to like? Well... The dice rolls are "clumped" in weird ways, even in the supposedly balanced "stack" mode (had one game where 9 was rolled far more often than 6); the "fairness" rules are implemented in ways that aren't fair (they steal from me twice and still get a free wildcard resource for not having "generated" a resource?!) and the AI's pettiness is trumped only by its stupidity (it will happily play a knight before rolling, steal its eighth resource card from you, and then roll a seven.) The way the AI plays a lot of the time would see a human player never invited to play again- stealing twice in a turn, trading repeatedly with players who are running away with the game, building or "robbing" in ways that offer no advantage other than hindering the human player, and offering countless trades of things the player already has in abundance expecting things in scarcity in return. I realize this sounds a little "sour grapes", but I do win a solid majority of my games. And despite my grousing, I spend a lot of time with this game, and enjoy it. I've just been waiting for a digital Catan with AI that plays like humans... And I'm still waiting.  ADD Feb 2017: In addition to an ever-increasing disappointment with the AI (don't play with 3 AI opponents. Just... don't.) the game is growing ever slower and kludgier with every new "update" while seeming to offer little of value in return. It recently out-and-out refused to launch while I was offline because it couldn't update. I understand needing networked game players playing the same version, but if I want to play offline, I really ought to have that option without the creators' meddling getting in my way. I'm lowering my review to 2 stars, and I'm seriously contemplating deleting it rather than continuing to watch it bloat up in my precious and limited storage space.
My saved game just disappeared all of a sudden. Not very happy because I play it everyday and have come so far and now all is lost. How am I going to get my saved game back?
I emailed a few days ago I purchased 3 sets of the $2.99 coins and wake up to find I have no saved date after almost 10hrs of game play and lost all my money. You never even respond to my email.
Needs more stuff an larger fields I'm getting bored of it add more an I'll rate 5 stars all day
Great so far just wish there's was more vehicles.. Defenitly needs a new update but image rate 3 stars when there's a new update I'll rate 5 stars
Once again everytime I pull up the large GPS map or look up prices or try to buy equipment the game glitches out like hardcore glitches out tires start flickering from left to right you lose all control of steering when I put the throttle all the way forward on cruise the throttle disappears and I can't stop my machine I've already complained once I've heard nothing from you guys I paid for this game I'm pretty far in this game I have a lot of nice equipment and I would appreciate it getting fixed but I probably won't hear from you guys because I haven't heard from you before the last time I wrote a review
Need to update mods and make mod packs available on mobile would be nice to see things like front loader telehandlers bigger maps things like that if it can be done love the game and ive put it on every fone ive had
This game is now horrible. I can't really fed Tom or wash him without the app throwing me to another website saying my phone has a virus. I'll put back the 5 stars when this is fixed. All in all I still love the game. #Disappointed
Its cool and really fun fun to play with but it sends you to many notifications. It can get really annoying when it keeps sending you notifications. I had to turn them off. But apart from that it is amazing and the gameplay is awesome. I love the pet and the rest of the game is amazing! Thank you so much for creating this amazing app. 🙂😄👍👌
I loved the game already but I have a  idea you could do on all characters you've made. Could u make like a siri kinda thing. I don't mean commanding them and asking them to reply but like you type something in in a bar and the character answers back. Can u reply please.
It's fun and addictive but it takes a while to level up and plz add cats and cans or whatever it was called you would have to follow with your eyes on which can the cat is under I was so beast at that. So can I add that back and make it Easeyer to atleast to get to level 12 because I had like 500 coins and I spent all but 10 coins on trying to get him from level 9 to 10. Thank you and have a nice day
Hi..  I love  this game.  IN THIS GAME  we take care of Tom..  WE BUY FOOD and he eat it.  He takes bath..  He go on sleeping.. It has many  mini games..  WE beat Tom. He became  big with the level increase ..  It has many dresses we buy it..  WE get money  from playing mini games inside game..  Well.   Buy my saying  it Do not look good but it  is.. If you don't  believe  me download  it..  OK by..  Buy .. That k you for making this game
Before you read this, please watch on YouTube I'd rather be sleeping. I love this game because you do anything you want. This game is so good. I think everyone should have this game. This game is so good. PLEASE GET THIS GAME!! Everyone get this game because you can Shower Tom, Feed Tom, You can play games and earn coins and you, Tom can go to sleep and Tom can go toilet. So that is why you should get My Tom.
I think talking tom has gone a long way. It's pretty good for children and teens. But the main reason i only gave 4 stars is because I just wanted there to be... More comedy. It's a bit bland don t you think?
Why do I loose outfits previously purchased when a new update is available? Not right for you to basically steal what I have earned. Very upsetting, especially for my grandkids who play the game as well! We want our outfits back that we earned!! Plus we did not receive the gift we were supposedly getting on Christmas! :(
ITS NOT ONE OF THE BEST GAME BUT I WOULD LOVE TO SAY ""IT'S THE BEST CAR RACING GAME"" and GRAPHICS are AWSOME, CARS are Wonderful , Gifts and other free things are just great. I love Asphalt Airborn Games. Non of other Car games have same Graphics and Cars though some are good games yet not LIKE ASPHAULT AIRBORN GAME. KEEP IT UP. THANKS
You should make the Datsun 240z in there and we should have the opportunity to lower all the cars and customize the wheels and yeah. Please Gameloft I want to customize my cars. It looks to ugly for a stock supra not being customized outside but only in the inside. Please with a cherry on top.
Graphics are amazing and each car's controls are unique. The events and cups keep it fresh. They also just added a new fun track. Best racing game I have played and needless to say, very addictive! There were ads, but I just bought $2 worth of tokens and they are gone!
This is, BY FAR, one of the most exciting, fun & simply magnificent games I've ever played! I HIGHLY recommend it to everyone whether they be into racing in any way or not. My sincere thanks to Gameloft. I haven't had to spend a dime & I've still had an amazing, THRILLING gaming experience. That's a rare thing indeed nowadays!
Y is that I always need a Wi-Fi connection to play? Shouldn't that be my decision whether I use Wi-Fi or my mobile data? Everywhere I go doesn't have Wi-Fi, that mean I shouldn't play your game everywhere??? This is ridiculous. Plz give us an option where we can choose between Wi-Fi and mobile data. My mobile data is much faster than Wi-Fi available sometimes. And it's really annoying that I don't have an option to play over mobile data... Plz fix this
Too many bugs 75% of the time tickets out of sync in multi-player an losing my tickets same in events. Multi-player races not seeing other cars but am in 4th place out of 5. Think will hv to stop playing online cause it sucks big time
INCREDIBLE GAME!!! (Downloaders read me) This is an amazing game with good overall graphics, controls and gameplay.it has both offline and online multiplayer to suit every type of racer. I recommend this game to everyone who seeks thrills and action in a racing game. It does however require lots of space and data/wifi to download. If you would download the game you should enter it download the extra files then head to multiplayer and the race tracks will be downloaded. Its alot but at the end its worth it. :)  But if you feel that its to expensive and time consuming then i would recommend asphalt nitro its a 1 time download. Thanks alot Gameloft
I first installed this amazing game on my ipod and loves it.  But I could not get the next, required, IOS.  So I got it on my kindle fire and bought the Ferrari laFerrari.   Then had problems with memory (5.4 G). I currently have Asphalt 8 on my phone and am enjoying the latest update.
Used to be fun. Now they've changed it so u can't earn credits by watching ads. So I can only play once per day when the free credits are given. Doesn't make sense to use real money to buy credits if I can't win money in the end. It's just wasting money. Better free bingo games out there like bingo blitz
DO NOT INSTALL This is the worst PvP game in history. Constant hackers and illegal users, the developers ignore complaints and there is no way to prevent griefing or hackers. This game is about how to let hackers take over and ruin PVP. Don't play it, don't even try. Worst PvP game ever.
Congratulations on two years of exciting adventure! The artwork is breathtaking and creative, and so is the entire theme and gameplay. Kudos to Scatter Slots for the ongoing excitement and interactive, user friendly game that keeps me rushing back to see what they have created next, and play as often as I am able to! Generous bonuses, daily challenges, and different options for playing are a great incentive to get to that next level on the map! I hate to have to stop! I am truly SPELLBOUND!
I love this game, currently on level 448 but haven't been able to play because the game continuously keeps crashing. Please fix the game so that I don't not have to uninstall again and start from scratch for about the third time! Game deserves a better rating but what can you say when you can't play it! This is my 2nd notice regarding this matter.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE DANIELLE AND THANK YOU WHO EVER MADE THIS LOVE THIS GAME MY NEW FAVORITE WHEN SHE SAYS CASH ME OUTSIDE HOW BOUT DAT I SAY IT ALONG GAGA😂😂💘❤💚💙💗💖💕💔💓💛💜💝💞💟❣
Most retarded person I've ever seen.  Good Coast Apps is dumb for making a game based off a piece of crap.
It lags are something and the jump is ridiculous n the blocks are too spaced out (i get it needs to be challenging but fix the way she moves and it would be fine)
I Think That In The Game There Should Be A Double Tap Feature. And The Background Should Look Better, I Don't Wanna Look At A Blue Boring Screen.
It is a very hard game to beats but the graphics are good and it's a good game but some of the controls are weird and it doesn't give you a very high jump or first so I can make it harder for people to get onto the Box and think that have to be like all controls option to everyone it's just because it's not and I would enhance it and I would make an actual cartoon person avatar from Danielle and then I would have because I pop up in the middle of ads in the middle of the game and I can on the player and connect them up and in the end of time and then try to accomplish everything thank you
I downloaded to see what all this fuss was about. And wasted my time of course. Whoever made this must of been drunk. Don't bother downloading it.
Who made it it is sooo trash even my teacher said it when he caught me playing it during science class
I love this game. I have a few wishes for things in the future, like an offline mode. I have "unlimited" data that slows down to 2g after 10 gigs. I can understand why its not, if there was you wouldn't be able to ask friends for help witch means no friend points. And all the other good stuff would be restricted, but for those who don't have data and or, Wifi can't play this game. I think that would be an amazing update for everyone. And when that happens ill give everything 5 stars, although one person not giving 5 isn't a problem.
Let me try to understand this bonanza event... to get 100 soulstones for gorgan i need to accumulate 180,000 gems?? To purchase 24000 i need to spend 99.00 plus whatever taxes...? WHAT!!! Bazar... spend 100.00 dollars for 60 soulstones? Come on IGG you guys need to make getting better heroes easier without trying to rape our wallets...
Screw you! I've played this game for a few years and used to like it. Now you decide to add your pathetic little political message! Not on my phone, commie!
Let me say, i like the new update even better! Before, in the old version, I was having trouble with the swiping and jumping because it does the opposite of what I expect and when I jump, it doesn't really jump that much that I had to press hardly just for the runner to jump and avoid some kind of danger..Anyways, please improve and add more features and updates to this awesome yet addicting game! ((((I'm 12 so pls don't judge my opinion about this and don't you dare criticize me for this))))
It's a classic good game but I hate the fact that they don't let us keep the maps from the Update. Like they should be grateful that we're actually playing the game and at least let us keep it, but no, we have to spend 500 gems to get the old map. It sucks
When playing music (via play music) while playing, music pauses (correctly!) when watching the ad for a free save me, however  the in-game sounds have multiple overlapping echoes that remain until the game is deliberately shut down. A fix would be wonderful! Also the 4 gem payment to get 6 is ridiculous, 1 for 3 would be far more fair.
It's all ok but we need to unlock the maps again n again after ''play free'' offer with 500 gems. This is very upsetting.  Please make the maps unlocked forever after buying it once with 500 gems. Please.
Blazing Sands refuses to install. Each time I attempt to download the specific details so I have free access to the Blazing Sands map, it will always finish downloading and give me a download error. I have 5 bar connection - so it's not me. Please fix this!
This game is probally one of the best. Well done Creators!!! As people have said  it give fun challenges like global, weekly or daily. Definatly get it if you can, you will be addicted to it on the first run! Good luck!!!
I love this app very much but I hate it at the same time!!! Iam most definitely uninstalling this app. Why?? Because I have had this game forever and I cleaned my phone and all my data was deleted!! All the time that I spent and all the money I purchased for this game is gone!! UGH!!! I HATE IT!!
Controls are a bit clumsy, but still plays well. Love it!
Great game. Bad controls. Get the PC version.
This game is A1 I'm talking about easily just as good as if you were to play on new console,, if anyone likes a survival game this is as good as it GETS I'm very Satisfied with the p.e. of this game and if there's anything to pick on and say this game has areas where needs to be improved I'd say there could be a slight adjustment to controls other than that everyone else should give this a try!
This game is so fun mostly for my little brother but the graphics are awesome and the game plays perfectly with my S7 but the only thing that i have lroblems with are the controls because when ever i try to move sometimes it wont let me move and then i die
I am SO glad this game was adapted to Mobile devices! Having as much fun as I had on the PC. A bit harder to catch all possible items to build though on the interface but heh. Overall I'm happy!
I love this game!!!! And now I'm going to procrastinate and play everywhere 😘
Great game but when I build the Pitchfork around five minutes later the game does not let me use any items or do anything except move can you please fix this?
Winning has changed, not so great anymore! All slots are very tight, takes away a lot of the fun. I don't like that your coins don't transfer across all of your devices! That you have to prove what you had by providing screen shots etc... Well if your device has been lost or stolen you can't give that  information! I used to love playing, will probably delete if things don't change, waste of memory...
I dont fully like it because i had my account and i tryed to login to and it didnt let me so i had to restart and now i went from lvl 50 to lvl 1 , from 50k+ to 1k , from allstar to rookie. I hope yall can give my new account free money plzzz i tryed verry hard to maintain my good play but now i have to start ove new account name: KxGodz
It is so hard to get sportsmanship or the last 2 titles. I have been playing the titleholder event more than 150 times and still can not get the last three stephen curry titles. I see other people have them but I can't get them and its unfair. Please EA listen to your gamers for once and make your live event much better.
Overall a good game. Players such as demarcus cousins have inaccurate stats. Demarcus is an excellent three point shooter in real life but the game has his three point stat at 25 which is lower than andre drummond who doesnt even attempt threes. Demarcus is also good at dribbling and has a great midrange shot. Please change his stats and I'll rate the game 5 stars. Thank you.
It is made so you have to spend money if you want to get great players.  I've been playing this game for 6 months on daily bases and I only got 1 sportsmanship award, no Lakers logo and so on.  Updates are too frequent and they change the game significanlty (i.e. today was very hard to make a 3pt with any player)
So I got a rated 75 Klay Thompson, Karl Anthony Towns, Dwayne Wade, and Jamal Crawford. Each player had a different goal that should be accomplished on Christmas day for their stats to get to a max 90 overall. Well I grinded all of these players and spent money to make sure I can make their overall closest to 90. Even made about 10 free throws with Dwayne wade which are super hard to get. This game is great and super fun, I just want to know when these players will be upgraded to their deserved overal rank
You should lower the energy that we spend on events, for ex. Titleholders instead of needing 4/5 enery points it would be better if the event needed like 2/3 energy points.. Also you should put Training Mode in the game - that would be a mode that doesn't need any energy to play, doesn't earn you money so it wouldn't be so easy to get rich, it's just a fun way to practice playing the game better, for ex. shooting the ball from various distances, practice dribbling, dunking or driving..etc. PLEASE DO THIS!!!
So far so good. Best basketball game for phone.The graphics  and design is just very good..you can't  be disappointed... only things I will say it's why don't add at the end of every match a MVP ? Also I can't find some  players like Sergio Rodríguez from philadelphia 76??? Why??? Gasol's brothers , rubio, etc are in the game...please add this one!! And it could be nice to have access to choose  to just play friendly  games like legend players  such as Jordan,  magic Johnson,  etc...
The game is pretty amazing I like how they have updates for like every season and stuff like that. But some players don't have accurate ratings. I only think Kyrie Irving and Klay Thompson should have their normal rating uped to 85. Also just a thought how a bout more coins from season games. Overall the game is amazing and I love playing it. #ThanksEASports
NBA Live Mobile is currently the go to NBA game for android users. Yeah, 2k is killing it with the consoles but its good to have a contender that gives us something VASTLY different from what we usually get with 2k. My only wish is to at least add an offline mode. Yeah, we need wifi for updated gameplay but it makes playing the game daily a bit difficult because of wifi issues and lack of time. But other than that, amazing game. More power to EA and great job.
You can not save progress across multiple devices unless you use Facebook, total BS.  I also hate the option to buy extra cards in the arena. The arena is ment to compare your skills against other players, if you can buy extra cards it is no longer about skills it is about who has more money! Latest update has pitted me against players with significantly higher flock power in the arena. How am I supposed to win if I am six to eleven points behind my opponent? Please fix. I am torn about the new interface.
Just got new update having problems freezing during loading after challenges and not able to watch videos say no Internet connection even when connected on wifi. Please fix!! Love the game other then that!
Angry birds used to be great. Now they've taken the same game and added tons of animations and noise. Version 2 is like version 1 except now it is very annoyingly prompting you to play other games and buy things.
Support support support please. Yesterday i got update and noticed changes all perfect but right now i just completed my daily challenge both were of three levels. I got the rewards for first challenge but i completed my second challenge too but i got no reward i have the screenshot of me completd all the three levels of second challenge but the game didn't reward me any. I spent 4 hearts life, 120 diamonds and 40 minutes to complete it and in the end i got no reward. I have the screenshot too but i don't think i can attach it here. Please help Angry birds support. Please!!!
When it first came out I hated this game but now I love it. So many different options and it is so much easier to gain gems and potions. To be honest I spend most time playing the arena and the daily challenges. I hardly ever play the actual levels. The lift is also great, you can lose dismally or win loads of stuff. I even got to the 30th floor the other day without getting the bird once. Very nice. This is definitely now my favourite Angry Birds game.
In the arena, before the update, I would play against people around my level of 109. Now, the 5 times I've played has been against (in order) 108, 146, 136, 109, and 145. Before update, I was either 1st or 2nd weekly and regularly finished streaks. What happened? I'm not going to waste my time and data to be beat by people 30 levels higher. Come on, man.
It really sucks they don't have a propper feedback form. I was choked when playing in the arena, just as I was about to use Matilda's ability, my opponent's bonus card popped up and blocked my view costing my win and my streak. I hate stupid crap.
The game itself is fine but the changes to the menu makes things cluttered a bit, the load times are ridiculous, ane mqking the game online only is a huge step back.. How am i supposed to play this cusually with the app eating up my data??
How do i restore my game? It won't do it when i log in. Was up to level 990.all my awards i can see.  It has reset me back to the start No happy at all
Loved getting to play this game again, but I'm running into constant fatal crashes that are preventing further progress. Occasional crashes started at the moogle village, grew in frequency until at the cannon to the desert it crashes every time. One small bug is that the movement pad jumps around, making it difficult to accurately control movements. The latter is why I rated the controls a 3.
Can't even play it. Tried in 2 devices, and it either crashes before loading or have too many in game bugs to be enjoyable. And I paid for this!! Shame on you square soft! :(
I've tried opening it three different ways (in store, apps menu, and screen) and it doesnt even open it freezes just opening it please fix this for the BLU Life tab and ill revise my rateing
Why are the graphics so muddled. The least they could have done was make it hd...Or at the least a bit more sharper.
Loved the game hate that I can't get any farther if I sleep at an inn our go to a Canon travel it crashes after acquiring the fire seed.
A decent port. Some sort of delay between audio and visual, and it crashed when trying to sleep after obtaining the fire seed, but made it to the end.
Plays great on the S5, now I'd love to see an official port/translation of Seiken Densetsu 3 on Android.  It's such a great game with a pretty good fan translation...  But I'd personally prefer if Square could make it official for the first time in English.  The entire "Mana series" should be ported to Android.  Compatible with Android TV now!
Finally finished game without glitches or crashes. Max levels and all drops obtained. Doesn't workon my Samsung s6 but worked fine on my Samsung tab2 7.0 great game if yer device can play through it all.
I have love this game for 20 years. If only they allowed multi-player. Also please give put out secret of mana 2. I know it was a thing
next time i pass my personal best, id like a snapshot with barry giving me the thumbs up please!!! took me ages to beat the last one.. great game inside games
This version is good playble for all mob.but please if u doing free unlock 3rd gezjet for 3slot.so i think n better.its very better for jetpack.n please u can should free coin double.cause temple run game have already free coins doubler.so if u want big chnges.first of fall u can should free coin double.this changes can very precious for u.
The game is great but.... There's a problem with the shop, it say's you have already bought a jetpack. When I equip it and play, the jetpack is still the old one not the new one which I have bought. Above all the game is great just requesting the Half brick studio to fix it........ Please !!!
This game was amazing. But all of the sudden Barry started flying all on his own, and I couldn't control him. Also I can't look at the jetpacks or gadgets. I loved this game and I still do. But I refuse to play it if this is happening.
This game is by far one of the best games out there however I have worked out that the controls don't work as smoothly anymore I would rate 5 stars if you change this one dilemma hope you fix this .
It was ok I used love before when I was kid may be about 3 years ago and I've not played for a while I especially loved the spin i also recommend this to younger or older players so they can enjoy their spare time on their electronic :) hope you enjoy this game and have fun!!!!
It is a game for running. And many new new gadgets come to that boy who is running. And the SAM is very nice gadget. There is also a spinning system and I love that very much.  Some rockets also come and that shocking power. Altogether I loved the game☺☺😀😀
Every other sniper match that i play and win messages me and tells me "you have lost match due to being disconnected"   problem still persists just in pvp challenge mode and regular pvp.  Please fix!  Other than that its a great game!
The game is good, but they provide offers for gold and then say the offer wasn't downloaded correctly and guess what you just wasted all that time, its total scam. Free gold offers are bogus. Tapjoy is pathetic excuse for a provider. But also remember the game allows tapjoy to put these offers on there, so I guess that makes them a pathetic excuse for a app.
The trick is to find an active alliance. It's a very addictive game that is great to play. The only downside is that the gold required to purchase weapons and gear is expensive and very time consuming to win. A semi automatic sniper rifle, before upgrades,  is about 2000 gold. That equates to about 60 to 75 real dollars.
Some of the PvP matches are glitchy consisting of going against a floating gun or there is a floating gun and me being shot from a Different direction. And I finished one of your free gold things for doing the credit score And I'm yet to get my 800 something gold.
I can't upgrade because I dont have the money. The game doesn't give you enough rewards money for each mission so it forces you to buy money which I'm not doing. I really like the game and the graphics but I'm deleting it because I'm not wasting my time on a game that's gonna force me to spend money on it. Screw that.
The good: Bite-sized missions, cool kill shot sequence, challenging gameplay.  The bad: Waiting for "energy" to allow you to continue to play. Getting in a position where you need an upgrade to continue playing, but you can't afford the upgrade, but you can't make money because you need an upgrade to continue playing. Doesn't disable screen shutoff. Some things are just impossible, probably to incentivize you to spend money.  The meh: bugging you to buy stuff is at a tolerable level.
Update to my last review. Customer service still horrible. Game is fun, but updates keep causing new problems. Really wondering how much updates are really tested.   Have contacted customer service,  just get canned response.
I love this game. I've been playing it for awhile now, never had a problem. I've gotten a new phone and downloaded the app. Now I'm having a problem  for the first time. The game shuts down in the middle of me playing. This has never happen before ever.
Liked it, but the ads don't tell you that you have to wait 2 DAYS to play. Thats right, once you play 2 SNIPER duels, the app makes you wait 2 DAYS to play again. Very near the start, there is a mission that requires you to join an alliance. You are about level three at the time, and almost all of the alliances have a level requirement that way higher than 3. The pictures are false advertising because you don't get to play those levels until way farther in the game. Overall, I downloaded the app, shouldn't I get to use it? Not to mention it pretty much makes you pay real money to get things. I honesty have had a bad time with this app
stupid game. it laggs too much and its just stupid period. like not even that but like they can take down flappy bird and not this. like this is making me mad. like no. and plus whoever made this game. fix it. thanks! ~cheyenne~
Well its a great app, but the add the comes once every 10 times takes forever. And sometimes you have to play the dumb demo game to get back on. But over all I think its a great app
Geometry dash Is my FAVOURITE Game and I think it's so cool. The problem is could you update it on phone because there is only a couple of levels to stereo madness to Clutter funk, so could you update it please? If so, I WILL LOVE IT! Just only add 2 levels or maybe 3 but in the full version everything.  :D Thanks!
This game is lit!!  what's the point of getting full version when you can get this. It's so fun just seeing people rage on this. Please can u add more levels like the theory of everything or even mabye Deadlocked or at least electroman adventures
I love all types of geometry dash but when you retry soooo many times the music gets so anoying it just go on and on and  on ahhhhhh but it is easy geometry dash 2 is so different it would be better without the shark things.😇😇😈😈😡👍👍💕💖💗💘💝💞💟💜❤💙💚💛
It is a amazing game, but I don't think it is fair that you have to pay to get all the levels. I understand that you have to pay to make your own level, but getting all the levels cost you?! I think that is unfair. Still a great game
So hard but I like it this is the best game ever if you rate this game it will give you a free icon  and thanks to who ever made this game but I can never get the full version I wish I can make a level but I like it anyways I gonna give this game 5 stars goodbye i need to finish Base after base
Great style, great graphics, great music, and great fun! One of the best games I have ever played. He difficulty adds new challenges that you have to face. Sure, it took 526 tries to complete the first level, but it was very fun!
This os one of the best challenging games i ever experienced!!its great for time killing:)at first i thought that this would be such a boring game but when u started to play it i found out that it is addicting!!thank you soo much for making this game;)but i would really appreciate it if you can make tje other geometry dash free i am really looking forward to downloading it plz respond if u can thanks;)
Like most of the reviews this game is beautifully designed and I truly enjoyed the puzzles. I understand the need of payment usually before complete games in indie development but I think the extra levels should not have been as pricey. They are very short and simple and detract from the beauty as you don't have long to explore as the level is over before you feel part if it. 4/5 for price but definitely recommend this game.
But this is just something else. It's jaw-dropping in so many aspects. The visual style and atmosphere, the Escheresque geometrically impossible puzzles and the "ah wow!" factor of solving them. Everything about this game screams genius and unique.
A very good concept executed in a fantastic fashion. Sadly it is currently way too expensive for what it's offering. $4 is good for 10 levels (1-2 hours of gameplay) which aren't challenging in the slightest, and then I am expected to pay even more for extra gameplay. It's a shame, this game would be an easy 5 star rating if it wasn't ridiculously short and waay overpriced.
I played this game over and over and over, like dozens of times. I don't even know what I'm trying to achieve any more, beside enjoying the beautiful worlds all over again. It is too bad that development is stopped way too early, and that new content is not to be expected ever again... But even with this limited gameplay lengthwise, this game is about to remain one of the most influencing mobile game ever.
Mind bending and completely addictive game. Totally want to continue playing on Forgotten Shores but I cannot purchase as all my method of payment are invalid for some reason. Slight disappointment that it's not more difficult and took me too short a time to complete. Still enjoyed it. See you soon, Ida.
What gameplay there is feels smart and original and I love the design but it is far too short to be a pay for game. It's so short that even if they doubled the number of levels it would still feel short. If you're going to pay for a game you might as well download "limbo". Hope they add new levels!!
This is a very good game! Very fun, immersive, and the soundtrack is just STUNNING. I've beaten both this and Forgotten Shores about 10 times now and it still feels fun each time! It's also helpful with relaxing. This game has helped me with anxiety attacks several times by giving a fun distraction. Highly recommended :)
Gorgeous graphics, music, and story! Deceptively simple in many ways. Some challenges are fairly straightforward; others may have you thinking, "But I can't get OVER there...." Well, yes you can. Remember this is Escheresque. Very. And appropriately haunting as well. SPOILER ALERT for folks like me who love cute things: nothing bad happens to the totem! I almost cried at two points, but it worked out OK. 😁 Now I want a plush totem....
I do not have space on my phone internal memory so i move the game to SD card. Everytime there is an update, the game installs in internal memory so i have to free space. Even after doing that the game says "require update".  I cleared cache and data. Used  force stop to stop the application. Tried everything  but always an issue. Please help.
Lots of fun.  This game plays well, and unlike many it is perfectly playable without spending real cash on in game purchases, as the in-game "diamonds" mostly just speed up building things or getting resources that you will get anyway if you wait a few hours.  The battle modelling is well designed and feels realistic. You can easily decide your tactics, and win a battle with those tactics when another player with the same resources might have lost with worse tactics.
First thing I download when I get a new device. Easy to learn, with many new things to master as you progress. Can be 24/7 player, or casual player-won't be ruined if you don't play a couple days. Download & play-you won't regret it.
This game will make my day. playing this game for almost 3 years from iphone to Samsung. From level 1 to highest level of 65. Always reflects the mood. Highly addicted. Am a lover of this game and my family doesn't love bcoz i always play this game without spending time with them.
I have had this game for months and I like some of the additions that they're adding not so much as the fighting other people across the world but the added bonuses. It would have gotten 5 stars but it takes too long to collect money and build your other stats up. Other than that this game is a keeper
One of my favorite games of all times. The multiplayer aspect is great and keeps players evenly matched and the non player chalenges are well thought through. Although there are in app purchases, it is not a pay to win. In fact i feel like i should make a monitary contribution for such a great game but i have pleanty of diamonds and the npcs' give more than enough resources. Id buy some boom beach swag to show my support for such a well produced game if it was available. Maybe a black hat with a little bomb in the corner? Well im sure impatient 12 year olds more than make up for my lack of in app purchases.  Great job supercell
Come and join our squad who r out for blood and take no prisoners. We killz em all and let God sortem out! Im Captain Spaulding with the Devil's Rejects our logo is the pointed red shield skull. Were gaining ground daily and lookin to take over the world. Top a the world ma!! Top a the world!!!
What a great game!!! At one point (lvl 30-32) progression becomes very slow because of scarcity of resources: far too difficult to get them, and when you get stuck you cannot play for days. Sad. If it weren't for this issue the game would be just great. Needs fixing. A game is not a game if you cannot play on a regular basis, and even if you upgrade your resource production, that's not enough! And besides, £79.99 for 14,000 diamonds it's a ridiculous amount of money!
Every time the robber is thrown you have no options to move forward. Have to restart app. Can't finish a game. Wasted so much money..
Needs to stop crashing when rejoining games. Now it show 0 online games. Fix please
Do not purchase this game. Worst A.I. possibly in any game I have played.
I love this game. Love the board game also. The app game is faster and Seafarers is much better. Knights and Cities is my favorite expansion.
Great especially if you play online and with a tablet
Game really is not as fun as real world play and support was no help
I bought coins and had like two weeks worth of saveing on here had most of the map bought and it deleted my saved game save your money because I have spent close to 10 dollars on just add one just to lose it all thanks for nothing..
Wonderful graphics and game all the way around can't get no better! Be nice if you could hire workers to do other things like pick up bales.
I loved the FS 14 so I downloaded this one and so far all it does is glitch. It makes it hard to steer the vehicles and hard to work the fields. Please fix...
I play but can't steer any of the machines. Kinda weird if you ask me I paid 6 bucks for a game that doesn't work. Please fix this and I'll change my rating. Thanks!!
Since FS17 is finally out is there any plans to bridge the gap between this version and the new one? Adding another tractor or haveing the ability to customize the current ones would be a great addition.. and how about bringing the big 12 row planter back too.
This says it has stopped get it fixes now please
The game is awesome me and my uncle play the game together but theres a glitch that if you look at water and you have a trailer or loading wagon it have a big waving thing appears on the screen
Since i have gotten my new phone, i can not play this game. The screen doesnt line up with what needs to be pushed. I have tried to calibrate my tpuch screen and still nothing. Would you please update this game so that i can continue to play?
Love this game. Is like real life farming but it would better if u vould buy cows n sheep n hav loader tractors n just hav the up,down n side to side buttons for the loader n atactments
Honeys put some Christmas food. And I don't like to be forced to watch him pee, where is my Max potion option? Btw, "I'm sleepy; turn off the light!" or "Turn the light on!" sounds kind of bossy and annoying when repeated daily, so put a "Please" in front of them. Regards!
•It takes a long time for tom to finish sleeping. •i miss dress up game and the feature where we can go to other toms and collect coins by a treasure chest.....please bring them back.......other ways it is one of the best games I have ever played......👍😁😎
This Cat has brought so much joy into my grandson's Travon Evans day!!! He feeds, take him to the bathroom, watch what he want to eat and go purchase it. He flush the toilet,rubs his Tommy, talked to him, Talking Tom is not just a game it's a learning tool for kids as well as adults. It has taught him that it OK to say no to something, Examples when he tries to feed Tom what he want him to have Tom says um, um, ummm. and shakes he's head No. He change his wardrobe, re decorates living room and bathroom!!!
Firstly, Tom takes way too long to sleep. Honestly. Secondly, when I play a Mini Game and I lose, it sometimes has an option to watch a video to save myself, I click the "X" on it and it closes then another ad appears. So technically, if a second ad appears, I should be getting another chance to continue. Thirdly, coins are very rare, I can understand if you want to make it rare because everything is cheap. But if I want to change like my walls etc. It's expensive but the food is cheap..? Doesn't make sense
If you're tom is hungry feed him. if he needs to bathroom go to the bathroom. if he is board pet him. if he is tired put him to bed. If you need coins play games. If he is dirty shower him.repeat every few hours and your tom will be happy. The talking tom gold run app is the best way to get coins
I just love how if you're a cat lover like me, you can look after a cat on your phone, without having to do any real life work! I just hope a dog one comes out soon! (And if it does, make sure you can change the breed to a pug!) 😺😺
This game is so fun you can do so many things my cats name is spike he is awesome just like this game. This game is so addicting which is awesome. So when I come home from school I play this and Im  not stressed out after school or when I wake up. Which helps me alot
Happy Holidays Guys! You Know The Funniest Part is When You Tap Tom He Gets Dizzy it's really dizzy And That Tom Is Like No No enjoy! and ITS THE Christmas SEASON Merry Christmas Who Ever Likes,Christmas
It's kind of creepy. If you hit him enough he will move a bitband a piano will fall on him. Once he opens his mouth you can see piano keys instead of his actual teeth. Then they start falling out and you see his teeth are missing. I find that very disturbing since this is a game for children.
My 3 year old son downloaded this game on my phone. He was always playing it so I gave it a try. Now I can't stop playing it! I've never ever spent a penny on a game in the app store. Yeah..... twice now, upgrading my cars! Don't make any more games like this. Way too addictive. It's not fair!
Haven't seen a racing game of this capacity. It's second to none. However, they're stingy with their rewards, making you to spend too much money: the cars are too expensive; at times you get a car but har to upgrade (tunning) at offensively ridiculous prices. How can I spend like 20k just to upgrade my acceleration from 21 to 24....not even up to 30. It's nasty!!
Simply amazing just love to play this game. I uninstalled this app and then it's not getting installed again.. Whats gng wrong it gets downloaded around 1 gb and then shows error 606. If this gets fixed I will give 5 stars
Im using samsung galaxy tab s 10.5 and keeping graphics at high still toght the resolution of the game is very low..theres too much pixaltion...i love this game but plz fix resolution plz help....and plz reply gameloft.:(EDIT): thanks you gameloft. Now i can play game on high resolution. Issue is now fixed. Giving 5 stars . Love this game :)
Robbing bastards still owe me 262500 credits they intentionally waste your boosts because they can't organise a race in multiplayer. Loading takes too long. Don't seem to do quests anymore. dumbass enduros are not possible unless you can sit here 24/7 they are just a waste of credits. The race prizes are shyte especially for multiplayer considering the cost of upgrades etc. Basically a waste of time! But I still want my 262500 credits back. But they don't listen.  I'm not convinced they can read, feckless retarded halfwitted illiterate thieves. But game play is ok when you eventually start
I've noticed that this game has now included Formula 1 racing! Also my GS5 performance issue was resolved too, I am not having a lag and fps problem anymore, except on multiplayer events... Keep it up team!
Please enable mobile network (3G,4G) for multiplayer. In india we generally don't have Wi-Fi instead we have high speed 4G and 3G.  I would give 10 stars if it's been fixed. Nice game.
Love to play this game for hours the best game I have ever  played. There's lots of things to do every day. After 4 days R & D event show lab 5 unlocked, click on the go and game exit show the same error game stop unfortunately.......hell
It was a very slow game. I have played other Bingo games that were much more fun and player intisive. If this is infact the world's #1 Bingo game, like it is claiming, I feel sorry for the world and it may explain why so many people take illicit substances. If there is "fun" in this application I did not see or find it.
Tired of fighting with CS to get any problems fixed. Update: still fighting with customer service to get my issue resolved. Great game terrible CS. You have to pay to play and God forbid you have a problem.                                       Update: Still not resolved! A week now! They email back if I'm lucky once a day, but won't credit me my chips. Update: Finally resolved yesterday. Somehow they said it was my fault that it took so long. What? How?
I love playing Bingo Bash but since the latest update it keeps freezing and won't allow me to even play hardly. Please help with this i play every day as this is my favorite bingo game. I have the latest update. Can you please fix this problem!! I love all the new different rooms
This game is very addictive. I only downloaded because I wanted points from another game I was playing. Well, I opened the app and was like, ok let me play at least one game before I deleted it. Lol! 😂 Well, here I am ending up paying the game and now this is the game I'm continuing to play all the time.   It's funny, you have your bingo cards and you be like one number off until you have bingo and them BAM! The game is over. So you be like, maybe next hand so you play again and again and again. Then you get your bingo and your line Yeah, about freaken time. Lol 😁. Then here you go with more plays so you can get those bingo's.   So, if you a person who likes playing bingo then I think you will enjoy this game. If you never played bingo, then I would say try it and see how the game goes.
Slots don't work, loses more bingo's than I play, game disconnect in a New York minute. Never get reimbursed for game disconnecting. BUT Still Yes..Huge fan! Heyy great I enjoy Bingo period.  Loves Bingo Bash way to much..😉
Just one complaint. .. if your numbers on card make a bingo, it shouldnt matter if there is a wrong daub on card someplace. It should only matter when that number is wrong and there is no win pending. You have so many colors that are deceiving to sight. if I were paying to play I would be upset for losing when , in fact, I won but had no list of balls dropped to verify which number was wrongly daubed.  Fair is fair. And cheating is grounds for an uninstall .... and find another bingo app that plays fair.
Game has delays at times.  Not sure if it's the game or my phone. *To add to my previous message,  I found it that it was my phone. On another note, I do enjoy the game, but I've noticed that if your up on chips you don't get squat on your cards and 95% of the time your going to lose. This really irritates me when I just spent $ to get more chips and within 5 games I lose 100 chips in less than 15 min. I just found this ironic because when I was low as hell on chips, I won more frequently.
If you want people to spend money you have to let him win in the free stuff kind of Senseless not let people win. when the stuff is free. Even I would spend more money if the odds  were better. Can't be greedy on everything.  So now you're ripping off the people that actually pay money it's pretty obvious won't you answer some of your f****** letters dumbfucks
Great game, until I chose the wrong room. Now all I get is loading. Never does finish loading. Never. I've force stopped it repeatedly, that doesn't work, neither does restarting my phone. Can NOT get back to the lobby, game is stuck there, very, very frustrating. Can't play in any of the rooms now, been playing a while now, and it was a waste of time since I can go no further. WAS my FAVORITE game BEFORE this incident. It isn't my phone, as all other apps work great. Time to find new bingo app.That works.
The bugs need to be fixed so that I can log in to my game, as a daily gamer it is frustrating chewing data with the page continually trying to load... I would also like to have any resources or upgrades lost during this glitch to be returned... This is a great game and it is a shame that this sort of issue  is not sorted quickly as it is frustrating your customers
What a load of bull. I've been waiting for over 24 hours to be able to log back into my account after you developers thought of an amazing idea to merge two states together so now you have screwed it up for everyone you also ignore the players give your self a pat on the back well done.  You guy have around 2 hours to sort out my account even though I've still messaged the technical team I will be deleting the game end of
The basis behind the game is fun and the community chat and alliance aspects add to getting hooked on it. However, higher level players can wantonly wreak havoc and destroy up and coming players, sapping any desire to keep playing. A couple limitations on being able to attack the same opponent repeatedly or only attacking within a set range of your current level would do wonders to fix these issues.
This game use to be good. Now all the developers care about is taking our money! Desert event is all about us giving money and new suits come out way too often. Please consider those who dont want to spend too much money.
Played this game every day for over a year, I have not been able to log in for 4 days now, even after updating the app, looks like a lot of other people are in the same boat at the moment! Someone needs to read all the feedback. I have sent messages to the developers, they do not reply
Game is full of hackers, griefers, and people with obscene power levels for their base and character levels who instantly generate their troops back after launching one attack after another... Of reputable note -- (sq4) peace &peace
Great slots, free play! I was a little bit confused at first, but once I figured out the strategy of the game I enjoyed the challenges & I won big! The graphics are awesome! Sometimes you have to wait for the game to start but I think it's worth the wait. Try it & enjoy yourself! Good luck! I'm playing on free credits wish I could invest in credits. I am retired on disability.That being said I want to add that if I had the money I would pay for the entertainment they provide. Thank you for the Fun.Love it!
The first scatter slots had me "at hello".. 😁 After playing just that one,  I searched for every murka game and downloaded them all. A few need some help, especially compared to the others. But thank you for all the hours of fun (too much according the hubby) haha.
This  is the best game out there.  Yes I had frustrating moments, but kept going and completed all missions.   I was then so surprised and pleased to discover the jackpot room.  What a great slot.  It keeps me busy, along with all of the other games until the new slot comes along with new missions.  Five stars plus.
I love this game!! I'm totally addicted!! I spend hours on it everyday. The graphics are the best and the missions make it an irresistible challenge. I noticed recently a lot of other game trying to copy it and I've tried several that were just lame copies of the best game ever to hit the market. Scatter Slots everyone should give it a try and once they do they'll never be satisfied with any thing else!!!
So I have now been playing for a little while.  WOW! What a fantabulous game! I feel like I don't have to look for another slot game to play.  The graphics are fabulous, I love that you can spin every hour. I love all the different reels I can choose.. I'm losing sleep over this game. Can't get enough.  Great job on the people who created this game and all that goes into it. Great job!
For over a year I have complained about the payout percentage. Hit a little winning streak on a max bet game.won 142 billion coins.  I thought they were going to let me play.  Not.  Lost it as fast as i won it.  Try and save billions enough to play with the 2,3,4, million you get in hourly spins will take you months. There is only one way to win at this game.  Just play the hourly wheel because the game sucks
Love the game best of all the games I have ever played 😊 10 Stars  thanks scatter! !! Hi scatter when do we get the anniversary  event 😊 my husband and I did not receive it till 9pm last night at 74 hours left for the event why did we get it so late ?
When a game gets you going and puts a screeching halt to you game play that is a bad game design.  Game advertises as free but the only way to play this game is to buy coins.  This would not be a game that you can play daily to have fun.  Going to uninstall because it has no value.  Such a shame because the graphics are awesome.
I love this game but its starting to piss me off. I even bought something...I never do that. I am stuck at level 44. I cannot advance. Whenever I win big and make big bets trying to complete the challenge it waits untill I make the little bet to give me free spins. Im seriously concidering deleting the game even thou chem I love nearly everything about it. It's making me angry and frustrated and that is NOT what a GAME is soposed to do.
This game shuts down and doesn't let you even play bonus. Games before I shuts down crashesor freezes...need to discover why but I betyou know you just didn't share it with the players....I have read other people having the same issue...please investigate. And fixbugs inthis game...your other. Games don't share same issues
Love this game ! Fun and addicting. So many levels. But it keeps crashing after yesterday's update whenever I'm trying to start level , collect reward or just in middle of the game. I tried clear cache and freed up more ram but that doesn't help. BTW does it suppose to go from 12kb cache to 8mb just after one minute of play ? Hope that you can fix this soon or please advice me if it's my device's problem. Big thanks for making this really great game :)
More of the same - Still....- Ok I have to be honest... I just don't want to play anything else. Its a challenge to myself, I never use any of my bonus points . I've got so many racked up but I love challenging myself. Nuf said! Enjoy
Firstly im giving this so called game zero points. Its not a game anymore. Crashes so often its beyond belief. And strangely most of the crashes happen when you are about to complete a level. Do not under any circumstances bother installing .you are waasting your time.
I'm losing all my earned companions with the update. Plus it keeps saying watch the ad and earn a life but after u watch the ad no extra life is given. Last time it was a lot less complicated, if I want to kill some time I just open the app and play the game but now with all the extra functions it kind of wastes more time than I have.
After using all my power ups to play the bonus, it said I didn't reach it. Very very annoying and stupid game!
Lost all my boosters after update I'm really pissed off.  One star till you give them back to me...
Well.I have'nt played it yet.But it's stupid because  some little girl being rude to ppl it's stupid making people famous for that..Also, the girl deserves major punishment if I did that to my mum mmmm I would be grounded for a month I bet.•••&lt;&gt;•••         《》《》《》《》《》《》《》《》Also they said LESS ADS!?!?!That's definitely not less.
I enjoy it. Sometimes it gets a little laggy,but I think that's just my device, but other than that, it's addicting.
I don't like this game as it is basically exactly the same as the "ju ju on dat beat" game which was rubbish and it's such a hard boring game which whenever you fall it says "cash me outside how bout dat" so I recommend not getting it.
Ok its fun and easy but people should not be making fun of this cause people just know when the girl says "Cash me outside how bout dat!". But do they know what really happened on the show???.....
Horrible game. Controls are stupid and don't work and you're just glorifying a rude and disrespectful girl. DO NOT DOWNLOAD
HATE THE WHOLE GAME IT'S HORRIBLE NO ONE BUY IT I WANT TO BRAKE MY PHONE IT'S THAT BAD😡😡😡😈😈😈😈
Truly an artistic masterpiece. The subtle uses of symbolism provide an enjoyable experience for both beginner and veteran gamers to the meme genre of mobile gaming. Cash me outside is without a doubt the best mobile gaming app of early 2017, and will certainly be in the running for best app of the year. Receives my highest praises.
Did you really expect quality from a game made about a bad meme
The controls are weird cuz you can only yap once until she has landed so then u die also you need 500 coins to upgrade ur person
I really liked the game my only problem is that the game takes up loads of space. It would be cool if you could add a trading system so you could trade characters zenny trade points and more with other players worldwide. Btw if you're having trouble trying to download the extra data, check if you have enough storage space, this app is really big
tried to link to my Facebook and was working at first then I tried to transfer to my tablet so I could play it on either  device and it deleted my game data and I spent like 200$ during the Christmas event now it's all gone. The lesson is don't try transferring or you'll lose everything. Edit: problem solved thanks
I'm getting tired of being ripped off from summoning. I rarely get shards anymore, and when I finally summon I almost always get absolute garbage. I finally got a Super Saiyan summon... and got a character from the very first summoning. Please, I repeat, please make it where you can't get characters from several summonings prior to the one you're doing. And please just increase the general chance for a SSR. I haven't gotten a new one in months now.
Good game. Main problem is global is constantly screwed over... I've legit  seen and have proof the Japanese dokan gets many more stones then global. Which sucks. Plus a better card pull rate.... which needs to be fixed to make fair for everyone playing it. Global needs more free dragon stones and better card pulls.
This is an absolute jewel. Ever since I started playing this game, I haven't stopped loving it and playing it. I remember back when I had a team full of Garbage cards, and now I have several URs! It's quite easy for new players to get hooked on and join the bigger packs playing this game! Difficulty keeps me wanting to try it, the suspense of card pulls just kills me, and the game truly has that DBZ feel to it. I would recommend this to anyone with a good chunk of time on their hands, or a big fan of the entire Dragon Ball series.
stop being greedy and making your game harder using bad luck only. you keep throwing the same half asses "events" and pretty much give the finger to veterans with not being able to get dragon stones unless we pay for it. shame on you. i honestly dont know why im still playing this. ruins my day every day.
This is freemium at its best. The one who spends the most money on this game will always have the advantage. Pay walls everywhere. There are a lot of "free offers" to get gems, but who wants to download another crap game to their phone just for 8 gems????
⚠ WARNING: ⚠ This game is designed to force you to gamble your money. If you want to have any chance in progressing in this game then be prepared to spend thousands of dollars. All OP heroes are "Gem Only" and can only be acquired by "rolling" for them. The RNG is rIGGed and the developer is as greedy AF. You've been warned!
Hi castle clash! I like the new heros and their uniforms... And the new soulstones and pets!  I deleted like 1 ur and downloaded again...and guess what? I EARNED 13,000 GEMS!  U guys have a good game... But u need to make a mega update... I dunno?  To make yourselves famous!  This game is fun, but people think its outdated... U need a revolution!  I'm backing u guys up I'm supporting u!  Hope u can make urselves popular! 😊
A game that teaches kids to gamble... Also People paying hundreds of dollars for a cellphone tap game? Smh, To each is own i guess. Its brilliant on the developers end! Yep, you're almost part of that 1% loving the dumb, deaf, and blind. I would too... Why care if the parents don't right? Ahh, how sweet (easy) it must be.
This game is not bad once u get up there I have been playing for 1 and a half a year and has been great game so far can't wait for a evolved hero keep working hard! :) +I really hate clash royal it just bad and like every youtubers are liking the game and some of them are just switching so you guys gotta do something to draw them back in ;)
A 5 year old can write a better AI for the units. Money hungry game 100$ worth of purchases can barely do anything. I regret buying anything. Lots of hackers ruin the game too
Don't listen to those telling you its a gamble or scam, this game is totally free to play, I have been playing for a few years never spent a thing but got plenty of good heroes. They are generous with the gems giveaways compared to other games.
I hate to see the hate on this game you don't need to spend money to get good legends and it's stupid that people are saying you have to. I haven't paid a penny for gems on this game and I have some of the best (older) hero's such as skull knight, santa boom, pd, cupid, druid but my one complaint is that it is a lot harder for older accounts to get newer heroes
If you don't plan on spending a lot of cash at the midway point in progression to buy the correct heroes then don't bother with it. You will definitely stall out and no longer be able to raid or do any of the other functions of the game. Should make all heroes available without spending real world money. This is a pay to play game long term. If you just want to play it for a month its ok, after that, waste of time.
I love this game, and I'm damn good at it. I just don't like how much it glitches. You'll press uo to jump, and it won't. I got up to 76 million points without a save me, I swiped up it glitches,and killed  me. I was pissed
The graphics are amazing! Objectives, daily weekly and global challenges are amazing, sad that my device does not support blazing sands or frozen shadows, but I like sky summit too. Thanks!
Great game-the regular and the ice game are both great.  And now Blazing Sands is even more fun. The Halloween course is also great fun. I continue to enjoy spending (wasting?) hours playing the game.
Temple run is all new now ...so addictive to play even more when it has new locations ❤ i super love those different locations BUT there is one problem ....Now we cant play temple run on other locations without wifi .plzz make those new updates available OFFLINE as well plz ...will rate it 5 stars then :) ...thank you
Why some other stages not playing like blazing sand and frozen shadows and blazing sand is for free but it says my phone is not supported why? Again the Global challenge is not working too I want to know why cause my levels are now stacked because of frozen shadows and Global challenge, am not happy I was loving it before but now NO!
Like the game. Do not like politics being imposed in the game. It's bad enough every which way you look somebody's throwing PC in mix. No thanks. Leave my fun time alone!
I am really upset since i could play the blazing sands and frozen shadows but now it is asking for 500 gems.. Other than that the game is awesome.. Kindly get us these maps becoz we are seriously bored with the same map
After you restore this game from a phone crash, i got all power upgrades back but none of gems, coins, hat, dress or anything. Painful to collect all of it again. Unfortunately have to stop playing this
Absolutely estatic this game was brought to mobile, unfortunately the controls are hard to work past. But besides that love the game and look forward to updates. Note: there is currently a bug that prevnets woodie's transformation.
I'm totally addicted to this game. Kills time and keeps me entertained.
It closed out of the game after 2 mins
Gr8 game guys and thank god its on mobile devices although I got some suggestions.1)The dpad is too close to the inventory thus its common to activate it on the run.2)more dlcs like don't starve together and shipwrecked.3)Bring the bridges back pls its really needed.4)Inventory tab shouldn't be activated upon hovering your finger on it and must be pressed like the crafting menu in corresponding to numb 1.Hope u guys consider my suggestions!!
Wtf the sound is so broken which makes the game such trash
I think the game is great but PLZ I really want co-op in THIS version of pocket edition(that means don't make a new game for it)
You need to fix when goes to watch movies for extra credits to be able to keep playing. It freezes up the game on the phone. I am using to relax and also stress reliever. An a lot of times it adds to stress. Due to trying meet goals with in game. An because game freezes when trying to get free credits. It don't matter if it's the lower or higher amount please fix. An would like an online one that would allow continues plays as long as there are credits from when was online to play.
I love the graphics & controls but when it comes to playing the game the constant loosing is extremely frustrating. I think the machines at a real casino are ten times more  likely to win than this game. I call it Hoover mode and it's in it 99% of the time. In all the time I've been playing it I can count the number of times I've Gotten Good payouts and all it does is just suck it away in Hoover mode and everytime it gives you your bonus credits it just Hoover's them away.
Great game,  awesome music,  sounds and graphics from the movie. But STILL crashing a lot when I click to watch the videos to collect bonus and this is happening on 3 completely different devices My Samsung Galaxy S7, my Sony Xperia Z3 Phone and my Kindle Fire. I have to kill the app to be able to reopen the game and play without collecting video bonus. Otherwise will crash. Fix please! Keep randomly crashing when I try to watch videos even after last update.
I cannot find how to unlink loyalty lounge accounts I no longer have access to ! I tried from wizard of oz slots and customer support no information I can use! I would like to connect my current machine and its games to the program, HELP all?
Why is it that when you get challenges  you can have as many chips as you want and every game you play allways loosers. ...very frustrating at best...if it doesn't get any better soon I will get rid of it and play something else
Good graphics! The rest SUCKS!!! Takes to long to get a bonus the higher you get and you spend your money trying to get to the next level which is like spending 44 billion points! This is starting to SUCK BIG TIME! WTH! 3 WEEKS AND HIT CRAP! FIX IT and that 4.4 rating is a BIG FAT LIE! POS! I will NEVER PURCHASE BONUS MONEY NEVER!
Been playing for quite a while, figured I'd finally review. Frankly its a rather so- so money grab time killer. When you first open a new slot its gets a lil refreshing.. but that becomes a very long wait as you gain levels. Bonus coins are generous but doesnt matter much because winning something becomes less and less as you progress. Id only pay if you really really want to open the next slot up because of this. That said hope you like the very first slot Dorothy and Toto.. your going to spend most of your time there due to the only slot with a pretty small minimum bet (for killing time of course)... not a bad slot at all but after staring at that same one for days or weeks you will see what I mean. If all the slots had the 10k min bet I would rate 5 star for at least having a variety of ways to slowly lose.. lol
I am writing this review for my grandfather who loved playing this game to pass the time while in the veterans home. But lately he says it just takes all his money and  he can't win. Thank you zynga for ruining what little joy he has left in his life!
Game would be a lot better if you were actually able to transfer coins and VIP points to different devices since it's the same account regardless of device. Just stupid that it doesn't work that way. Plain stupid.
The gameplay itself is fine, about as good as one can expect for a mobile game. But there is a serious issue with the ratings of players. All the time my players with 80+ in shooting and 3 pointer can't bit wide open shots when I have perfect release, while players with ratings on the 60's can hit 35' shots over my double teams. Seems to me like there are some coding error.
I can play it without hanging up before the update. And since the update was made and installed to my phone it always hangs up or closes or not responding even if i uninstalled it and reinstall immediately. Please give us a feedback on my report... i enjoy playing this game... and of course because i spent time for acquiring my elite players 85 ovr. which eventually end up losing to an opponent silver player or gold. Please..please fix it...
The Game Has a lot of potential... The controls are good, shooting feels good... But there are a lot of missing rules. Like 3 sec in the paint, 8 sec rule, backcourt violation, 5 sec rule... I would love if you added those rules... As well as adding more music. Every time when I launch the game, one song plays over and over and over... The game is awesome it just needs some work... :) By the way thank you Electronic Arts for making this game :)
We need the match score card!! That means need to know which player scores more points!! The second thing is abt the 'title holders', It is very difficult to get sportsmanship ...sixth man etc!! The thrid thing is abt the three points shoot!! James harden used to be the best in 3 points wen i purchased few weeks back and now he can't even put the baskets properly!! So kindly make concern abt these stuffs!!! But the game is awesome
This is the best mobile basketball game that I have ever played. Although it has a few hiccups at times, I'm pretty impressed at how fluid. The controls are very easy. A few issues for me are that defense/offense are no where to be found sometimes. They need to implement a better passing system. You can't switch players when playing D and the computer sometimes won't do anything. There are a few more issues but it's still worth playing. They really need to fix some things though.
Hey can you please make it so us players can sell legend trophies it would be nice. And make the season game rewards higher like a thousand. Thank you. Can you please make it easier to get the tide holders I have 1 left can't get it. I read this posts I agree make it easier. Better rewards like players. One last thing the nba master Westbrook make it easier to get him. Thank you. Please make the pro pack cheaper so it would be more fun. And make easy to pull elites in pro pack. Hey guys don't get the reward winner Stephen curry he misses all the 3s he sucks I tried him out in the live event I lost all of them he sucks don't get hem.
Players out of bounds needs adjustment,sometimes no whistle is blown. Can you at least make quarters 3-5 minutes longer, sometimes the game just stops working have to restart annoying as hell. Yes the game is hard at times which makes it competitive when you claim to a new level I love that.Also should be able to buy coins.All and all the game is 🔥🔥
First of all, I really do enjoy playing this game,but ever since the last update. Its cool to have tournament against another league but why u guys made this game so difficult and the game play isn't the way it used to be. Why fix it if its not broken? Isn't fair at all, even the bronze players can easily beat u if your not careful. And what about the 3 point thing. U can hardly get a separation from your opponent and make a 3 point ,not like before. It seems CPU players stucked up ur butt the whole time. Please bring back the old game play.
The game is great my only complaint is that you can't make an overall best roster. There should be a lineup that doesn't matter if they are from your shooting lineup or big man line up etc.  Also when will the Christmas day player things be updated. I got a 75 Kay Thompson and they said for every 2 3's he made this players overall will increase by 2 points. I have 3 players from the 25th and none have been updated according to how they had to perform. Still my favorite game. Thank you!
It is a very nice game .the online playing arena is good. But one problem it takes much time to open. Itna time like i can do one attack in clash of clans. Rest all the gaming programs are very awesome and nice..
Too many glitches!  I love the game and have made it very far into the levels but am near deleting the game due to glitches.  Tonight I used 4 lives and 60 pearls to complete "king pig panic" just for the game to lock up (can't push any buttons), all 3 levels are checked complete but displays "2 levels left"!  Have to now force stop the AGAIN and lose all progress tonight.  BS!
Fun game as most Angry Bird titles are...Sadly it's hard to get it up and running...it crashes all the time, takes at least 6 or 7 times to even boot up. It is fully updated so it is frustrating that it does not work properly.
I upped my rating from one star since the bug is fixed and would have upped it to five, but now the battle is pointless. With the added ability to pay for extra birds in the battles, youve pretty much made it so that anyone can win if they're willing to buy gems. Thanks, but no thanks.
This game was great until the last update. Now I have to force close the game EVERY SINGLE TIME I play someone in the arena, because it says there's "no connection"! Pleas fix this!
Great time waster. Arena mode can be unfair when an opponent with a lower flock score suddenly scores twice your score on a level after you did it with a strike!
Was an awesome game until latest update.  Now have to shut down the game after each play in the arena.  Seems to freeze up at other doors too.  Bad part was had to update the game to continue playing.
After today's Update the Arena is Rigged! My AB's Power is 89 but now after Update instead of an even match i'm being matched up with ABS with powers of around 129 and 2 Spells, making it near impossible to Win without spending lots of Money on this App!  It may be a Glitch or just Greed either way my 1 Star Rating stays until it is Fixed!!
EDIT* JUST DOWN LOADED AND TRIED AGAIN AND THE RUNNING BUG SEEMS TO HAVE BEEN FIXED!  I love this game, was so excited to be able to play it again.  But no mater what every time I play it the character gets stuck running in one direction.  You can deal with it when moving the character about, but it makes the menu impossible to navigate, constantly scrolling around and makes selecting impossible!  You can fix it by clearing the catch, but it happens again and again rather quickly after you start playing.  I will gladly change my rating if they fix this.....
I played through for several hours up until I rescued Flamie from the serpant then when I went to canon travel everytime I tried to select either place to travel the game work close and say it's not responding would also do it if I tried sleeping at the inn
Still one of my favs - only problem is the glitch that makes Undine magic unavailable after awhile. Recent update has not corrected it. :(
Make it an option to street screen to 16:9 or at least black instead of green bushes on edge of screen. Refunded. Will buy again if you add these options.
If u guys can put it on pc wiiu ps4 xboxone 3ds im just saying it give u guys more $money
I am so in love with SoM! It is absolutely my favorite game of all time! This remake for mobile is sweet! The updated graphics are refreshing, the SNDTRK is true and unchanged, and it's even free of the SNES's glitchy-tude! I've logged hundreds of hrs on orig cart, and approaching the same on iOS AND Android! This is a win! Worth every penny to buy it thrice!
Game crashes when trying to leave ice country. Hope this gets fixed so I can give this classic the 5 stars it truly deserves.
Any time I use an INN to sleep or try a CANNON TRAVEL, the game crashes. Square-Enix really needs to fix this. Makes progression impossible.
The game was great when it came out now i have played the same boss over 100 times like what the hek waste of money so mad
Love it so much! Not much to say about it being bad just I feel that some things are a little too expensive or I don't get a lot of coins at all.
Lots of glitches after updated to Chineesee New year update. Other wise gameplay is good. Only the glitches downgrade the experience
5 stars for its Jetpacky Joyridey Jewely amazement! Amazing game. U should play this. If u want to learn about barrys background story( barry is the guy who rides the jetpack) scroll up and watch the video.
Its a really cool and unique game RATEING IT 5 STARS AND IF THERE WHERE A 100 STAR I WOULD RATE IT 99 0R 100 STARS KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK! 😄
The graphics are OK but they could be less pixely also the game play is awesome I just feel like the power ups should last longer than one hit.
Before the Year of Rooster update the game ran perfectly on my phone (HTC Desire 320). Now, it's laggy as hell
This is a great app. Addicting to play ! It sometimes doesn't aim right or releases balloon before you set it to but overall the biggest problem is with Facebook connection and rewards ! Every time they update the app you lose the 40 COINS you got and the life for connecting to facebook especially if you usually play it off Facebook!  I REALLY WISH GOOGLE WOULD GO BACK TO NOT USING FACEBOOK FOR REWARDS ECT. YOU CAN'T GET ANY OTHER WAY ! AND STILL LEAVE A WAY TO RESTART GAME FROM BEGINNING !
Would like to be able to play yet says my account is invalid. Won't let me restore with Facebook or Google. I spent a lot of money on this game and would like to continue playing. Fix this issue please
Highlydissapointed, The game play is great and addicting but I hate that you always need to spend actual money to truly enjoy the game. All machine gun show require gold, any good rifles or guns require gold, and any perks must be payed for with real money. You have a "chance" to win these things but you usually get only 1 gold or something pathetic. I will most likely quit playing because it just seems like a scheme to force you into watching  adds and spending money to be able to enjoy the game for a short amount of time.... it isn't really a "free" game...
Tapjoy is killing this game. It is actually a pretty good game but is haunted by tapjoy and their utter worthlessness. Today marks the 40th day since I contacted them and my reward is still not paid despite having jumped through hoops for them.  Do not waste your time completing gold rewards.
This is a very addictive game the only thing I don't like is when you run out of guys you have to wait minutes to get new guys or buy gold to get more guys if this game is free I don't feel I need to pay to buy gold to get more. But other than that it's a good game
As soon as I stopped spending money, I couldn't compete.  I loved it in the beginning though.  Delay in controls from when you press the screen and when it reacts is frustrating.
This is becoming more kind of virtual money game. I have always enjoyed this game and I am changing my ratings from 5/5 to 1/5. Only reason is all the rewards for bounty are collected by top teams. You spend hours playing this game on weekend and you will get few alliance points and all. I have like 700000 medals and 200000+ alliance points not sure what to do with that. Everything can be purchased by gold obly which is hard to get unless you would like to spend you real money.  Gold is really expensive. Either you can spend your hard earned money to buy or watch stupid advertisements by tapjay which is another loot machine. Most of their ads are in cycle. And most of reviews based ads are cyclic. You finish one and it will say...only one thing to do next and it keeps on going in cycle.
I liked the game it is really fun! The only issue is it sometimes loads the levels and other times the play button goes blank. And you can not play it. Please fix it.
Best RPG shooting game ever made!! You would be crazy not downloading this game if you love sniper games I personally think this is a excellent game well worth the download.
Best shooter hands down. This game needs better marking. Hell mobile strike has the Terminator. We should have mark walberge (shooter) bad ass sniper game an then some ...... Thank u headshot games...
I think it would be a cool idea if you added like a head to head feature. Like you can face your friends or you can do an online battle with random people across the world where there is a random course and you go head to head against them at the same time so you can see like a faded Shadow thing of their character from where they are and the first person to die loses.I like this game but there are to many adds and everytime I die one pops up. I think there should be less adds and videos.
This is a very cool and editing app and is very fun, I recommend that you should download this app and also download Geometry Dash World. It can get very frustrating and I'm pretty sure Geometry Dash Meltdown is even more frustrating! But very fun.
This game has awesome soundtracks wich keeps ur spirit up and kind of makes u dance, besides without the music I wont have rythm and die all the time. Plus the way u made the lvs is just stunning, how u made everything appear and change colors all the time and how u made the lvs be combined with the soundtracks is just amazing. I would put this game OVER the scoreboard of best games(wich means it is more than 1st place.)
This is the best game ever, its a little annoying but i cant keep my eyes off the screen im addictied keep up thel good work and its a nice new level 'Clutterfunk' its very c00l and sm00th
I did it to the Stereo Madness and Back on track and I Met this Guy scratch he said that he can be my friend to play. The best game ever! I did it to the Xstep Game at Practice Mode and I did it to the Jumper without the Practice Mode now I Have another guy that will be my friend to play. The Best game ever!
This game is the worst game ever!!!!! Even my brother likes this game but he says it's really super hard but then again he says it is easy to so I don't really know what he says about it or think about it but all I know and think about it is that I hate it I'm not trying to be mean or anything to the creator of this game but sorry it sucks!!!!!!!!!! Sam is just a really good waste of time I mean bad waste of time do not download it!!!!!!!!🤕🤕😴😴👎👎👅👅 this game gives me headache makes me tired make me go to sleep I give it a thumbs down and even it sucks
Shapes, songs, challenges, and more! No wifi, no problem! You can play this game anytime. I love the songs and levels. The only thing is that it can get very frustrating sometimes when you can't beat a level. Other than that, this game is awesome!
Fastidiously ragdoll Toro usurp y'all go Ichigo usurp Yahoo USPTO usurp ISO usurp Yahoo usurp Taiko yeti HCl Leo retro ask UCL trip tree Toyo Rio earth deal logo orig do prototype urushiol ROFL guy up so you'll o up feel to l to go DHL foul DHL
Geometry Dash is one of the most fun and addictive games I have ever played. It has a few glitches that get in the way of playing and often make you lose, but it is a great game in days when there aren't any glitches 😁
I posted this a long time ago... still no fix: It is pretty frustrating when you start an easily winnable battle and the internet drops out. The game should just reset to pre dropout... I keep coming back to the battle lost and all my tanks gone. Can this be fixed easily?
Please don't end the attack unless all gunboat energy is out.. This is very important .. and Fix problems&bugs ..there are many errors in replays and the megacrab has problems i finished the attack and then opened the game to find what i destroyed and weakened not done!! Please fix this and whatever else annoying ...
There isn't many updates often like clash of clans. This game gets boring when you're lvl 55+. It needs to update more often, like twice a month instead of once every 6 months
It's a fun game but it has its glitches. Sometimes it doesn't give you what it said it would if you attacked a base. I don't know why that happened but nevertheless it did and I sent support a notification of this and they contacted be back saying that they would look into it but a week later and nothing. What can they do, I guess I got screwed out of power powder and resources. Hopefully they fixed the problem with this new update. Still a fun game but every update so far has glitches the fix later.
It's ok, my main issues are that you can't build two things at once and you can't manoeuvre your troops in play. You should get rid of the flares and let people control more. It's why people get bored with games. Click and watch, click and watch. It gets boring when you can't move on without upgrading your whole town to get the troops needed....Yep it's really getting boring now. All my stores are full but I can't build anything because my builder is busy. Then when he's not I still can't build until I upgrade another building. You should be able to use you gold to buy items or upgrade. Like the old command and conquer games.
Think back to a time when game developers didn't steal from you by having in game purchases. You could argue that I can get all the upgrades just by playing, and yes, I can. However that takes an insane amount of time. It's purposely designed to get you spend money on their "get it now" system. People who make these games should be ashamed of themselves. A basic strategy game with terrible contols. The inability to actually control units past a flares. Used to be a time thieves got their hands cut off.
I've been playing this game for months if not longer and it is great. Only bad thing is I get loads of higher level players invade, highest was 15 more levels than me. Good idea would be to have - when players invade your base, your troops loadout attacks the invading troops too
Game is great except for the fact that there needs to be some upgrades. The upper-level players are starting to get bored and they stop playing which really hurts the task forces that they are in. They have maxed out everything and can't spend gold and resources at all
I like this game a lot. Even though i am a free to play. I have some requests  1. Please make some of the upgrade costs less. For example upgrading armory .. weapons lab....etc 2. Add more troops. 3. No matter how good your base is it gets raided anyway. Please make something. That is similar to 'shield' in coc.... or something else .  4. And the game seems kinda lonely.. please add global chat.  And add a way to add friends and send them requests and send messages to each other....
If you can fix this I will update my rating! Atleast get me my cash back.
Worked great for a while but now the game won't load because "data is missing or corrupted". Quite disappointed.
It wont even let me play the game. I paid for it. It says loading then it goes back to my home screen. I've even tried to email and get issue addressed w no luck.
But if there is room for such a thing as a performance anhancement, well, M all for it. But don't get me wrong I love this game, yes, it's addicting!
Could you make a tablet version of fs17 of make the next tablet aversion exactly like it? P.s.if so could you let me know
My phone got destroyed and when i downloaded it back onto my new phone nothing saved and i had gotten so far on it....really frustrating, please fix this!
Farming Simulator in all its glory. A bit simpler and faster than the PC versions, but that serves the mobile platform quite well. Looks like it's good for 30+ hours of gameplay.
Just wish you could add cotton and cotton picker a fuel truck would be nice for everything especially logging equipment also an 18 wheeler log hauler maybe a crop duster
I recently purchased over 1 million coins from your game. The payment went through however I never received the coins. Please fix this or refund me my money.
I love talking Tom, he is so cute. Although it could be better, if would be good if there were more rooms for example a garden or the rooms could be bigger. Also instead of it saying Tom needs you if would be better if it said Marley needs you, as I called my Tom Marley. That's just being petty though, it's a really nice game.
Remove games without customers consent. Whack a mouse a favourite must be returned. They dictate the content and removed games. Ignorant to requests to return game. AVOID THIS GAME. VERY BAD CUSTOMER CARE, SERVICE AND PRACTICE. THEY ARE IGNORANT. NOW MAKING WATCHING A MOVIE IF YOU WANT TO CONTINUE A GAME. THEY ARE PATHETIC AND DON'T GIVE A DAMN ABOUT CUSTOMERS. STILL PATHETIC AND IGNORANT WITH CUSTOMERS
I still love it but since i updated it ads keep coming on every 1 minute and then i cant finish the game and i get so far ans an ad comes on then i lose all my coins abd it is anoing i would recomened it but just be alarmed ADS WILL COME UP EVERY 1 MINUTE so if it gets sorted i would give it 5 stars .
This game is the best thing ever except it does try to steal your info and address it can see you and where you live so please never give out personal details or IBF you might of learnt that at school how do I know all this gooooood stuff I'm in junior grade two year three
Nothing wrong with the game, just WAAAAAYYY too many ads lose a minigame and get asked to watch a "video" which is not a video but a stupid advert, say no and it shows a ad anyway!! 😤 The only other thing can you add the spectating of other Toms back as well, also make skins and house customisation cheaper.
I love talking tom and this game has new upgrade which is much better than the older one... the old one i have downloaded in my mother's old phone but i deleted it...  But some days ago my smaller brother said me about this new version of this game
(Before) This game is addictive, i've just downloaded it now I can't stop playing! Just having a hard time saving up money here I wish they could tweak the game a bit for more cash everytime you win though. Still an awesome game.  (Now) There's tons of ads and you need Wi-fi/data to download updates/races almost every single time. It's inconvenient. Seriously. Uninstalling this now.
Just applied latest update & it's wiped all my progress - PLS FIX!!!!!  Forever massive data updates, too many ads, & why do we need to enable data to play? This was a 5* game - please dont be Greedloft, please go back to Gameloft!
Good game. Graphics are good but not as good as need for speed no limits. Gameloft is not well experienced with graphics, physics and lighting. The only advantage this game has over need for speed no limits is live multiplayer, which is the only reason for more than 200 million downloads. Anyways nice job by Gameloft.
Awesome cars n perfect graphics.. You can play this game over years new cars n tracks are updated to maintain the excitement.. But I am unable to play Multi-player over my 4g cellular data... It always ask for WiFi only.. Plz resolve this
I liked it at first but then when I purchased a fast Carnot seemed that I was joining empty servers even when I was using the first class s and those servers aren't normally empty there mostly always full, is this a bug eating for people to join the server is taking to long!! And there is only like 4 players and it's not fun it's boring and there is not much competition plz fix
I spent damn near $20 on this game for cars and tokens and all of a sudden, it crashes, wont load, cant retrieve the game data.. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!! Either that or update this damn game so people can play it.. It worked perfectly fine BEFORE i payed money.. Now its not working.. FIX IT !!
This game is 🔥🔥, it really beast I'm not gonna lie, but some of the missions lagged me out and sent me to my home screen on my phone, and some of the races glitch, it might just be my phone but It might be the app. Other than that, it's lit.
This app should be played by everyone who ever has respect and loves racing game... Cause while playing this game we see detailed surrounding like it's real. Real car effect and the jumps .... More people should play this game... It should at least cross 10 million 5 stars..
Last several updates have been a tremendous success. Graphics are always top notch especially with the added sfx. Only occasional control issues where game doesn't detect phone tilt. All and all, thanks for restoring my faith as an Asphalt fan!!!!
They stoped allowing you to earn bingo balls from watching ads and since its hard to win (which I don't mind) can only play for a short amount of time. Won't spend money on a free app. Maybe they should switch to a paid app.
When you took away the $25.00 slot bet you basically made it impossible to win at slots. Bingos are few and far between now too.. use to be my favorite game, not so much anymore...
None of the other rooms past the jungle one will load.... It's says " oh darn downloading please wait" but never loads.. Love the game but can't play if none of the other rooms are playable... Please fix this issue
Enjoy playing but feel it is short lived. Meaning make a bingo worth more credits or make each game less credits to play. Not enough bang for your buck. Daily credits are a joke as it allows you to play on or two bingo hands and then you are done! Just disappointing
I don't like when you sign on and the snowman or keno won't let you continue to the bingo games. I turn it off and don't play the game...it should click off when you hit the x . Also too the winnings are pitiful .which makes you...never get ahead. I won't be buying chips all the time...another game that sucks the life out of you. I love bingo but I would rather go to the local bingo and spend money there at least I would have a chance on getting my money back
The game itself is addictive.  But doesn't give ample opportunity to collect coins and have to buy extra power sources doesn't seem to let you collect those.  It has screens showing you can trade things you collect but to date it hasn't allowed me to trade even though I have all necessary items and it is highlighted.  All in all good time waster...but not worth download to spend money on.
Haven't been able to play this app for 3 days. I open the app and it freezes on the loading screen. I have reported this problem every day multiple times a day and it is still not fixed. Fix this cause I'm losing chips every day I can't play. I'm beyond mad.
Love it but can't handle the flashing ads. I don't play very much for this reason. 😐 even after saying I don't like or want this ad it is back before I can continue the game. Does anyone know if you can pay to make the ads permanently disappear?
TODAY I BOUGHT VALENTINE SPEACIAL ARMS SUPPLY...BUT TO MY UTTER SURPRISE...MONEY HAS BEEN DEDUCTED..AND DIDN'T GET THIS OFFER....AND YOU AGAIN ASK FOR PURCHASING THIS OFFER...WHAT THE HELL IS THIS...I DONT LIKE IT AT ALL...THIS IS CHEATING
The games ok but still got bugs! I lost troops due to a mis attack ! I have sent message in the game mode for help! And not got any reply yet!
it's and ok game. but I am at the stage where overnight my city is raided several times and I lost 90% of my resources each time to raiders who outnumber and I presume outlevel me massively.  50,000 attackers vs 10,000 defenders... hmmm.  This disparity  makes me want to uninstall it.
Thanks for the help before. Since we're your fans. Can i ask you one question? I had paid for the business man officer:Vernon light . Will it still be available to continue receive my rewards? If i didnt receive, I'll complain right away. Please help me for this. Tq.
Review Revised! Okay they fixed the notifications. And what I like about it is Arms Agreement 30 day plan is the best Deal to get Diamonds and other goodies. This is a cheapest deal to get more Diamonds for your money's Worth. But now with new updates about merging states together. After their maintenance. You can't log on to game. And just 2 recent updates you still cant log on game. It been over a day still can't log on. My suggestion to developers okay we know skills can't be stacked for each officers let's say your resources gathering speed increased for 2 hours. Since each officers who have that skill how about reduce cooling times for each officers. And you still need to reduce all rare materials crafting times not few select.
please fix it, i cant open the games it say i dont have connction or something in server even if i hav good connection now i cant still open my account please fix it
The game was very appealing at first and made for great entertainment. It can be glitch and slow sometimes but it's fun 90% of the time.
Had originally rated this game a five but after not receiving a special that I purchased and was charged for, I changed my rating. I got an error message stating something went wrong with my purchase but was still charged without receiving what I had bought. Seriously considering deleting this game!
Brilliant game this one is.  Makes such a change from spin/win then lose it all in 2 seconds.  The tasks and challenges and the many varied bonuses make this game so much better than the others I have installed.  Good work.
This game is bloody brilliant! The graphics are amazing, the gameplay is awesome, the levels get harder as you move on, the chance to win extra playing coins is phenomenal and I never want to stop playing it. This game by far is one of my favorite slot games ever thank you!
I haven't been really happy with this game the last few days. I attempted a challenge  that required winning coins in a bonus round. After 3 attempts and considerable credits, I did not get any bonus rounds. I played for several hrs each time and had the same result each time.no coins left and no bonus round.  I don't mind losing but to play that long and no bonus rounds really?
Decreased my rating. It takes forever to level up because you need to win certain things, which you never get.  Right now,  I need to win so much money during free spins to level, but hardly ever get free spins.  When I do get free spins it pays very little.  Been on the same level for months and I'm tired of playing with little to no payout.  I play almost everyday and in the last 3 days I've only increased my % to level by 2%.  Getting frustrated and thinking about removing app.  Some games require max bet to level, however max bet is more than I've ever won.  I'd have to spend $99 dollars just to have a few max bet spins. I don't think so....
This game is amazing.  Very enjoyable  and always excited to see the next challenge.   The graphics are phenomenal. I highly recommend  this game to everyone.   Love the fact that I play it online or offline.  Very addicting and so much fun and also very relaxing after a stressful day.   Well done.  Excited to see more games like this in the future I hope.
This is the most amazing game...i have finished the challenge and am waiting for the new slot to come...meanwhile i am in battle mode collecting trophies. Whoever made this game has a great imagination and the graphics and music are incredible...great job to everyone involved....too bad i can't give more than 5 stars.
This game is so addictive. With an hourly bonus and so many ways to earn free coins, how could it not be? Then you add the multitude of slot games, each with its own twist, and new slots added often. Thank you Murka for this cure for boredom.
I wanted so much to be able to write an exceedingly glowing, positive review and if I were discussing the game premise, the vibrant immersive graphics, the level of interest it has inspired in so many, I'd have nothing I'll to say of the game.  But I do. It seems to be a kind of road side robbery, albeit perhaps unintentionally by the developers. Rewards, indeed even free spins during games seem to come less and less by level 40 or so, winnings decrease substantially and the 60 million I just purchased (about 20.99 CAD) lasted not even twenty minutes - and I'm an exceedingly careful player. Not much play time for this kind of money.  But perhaps I'm on the lower end of income when it comes to playing this and others pour lots into here not realizing twenty dollars might get you twenty minutes of careful gameplay.  An otherwise fantastic game: If I were made of money. Likely uninstalling though.  Thanks for the efforts all the same, developers.
Much better then The game Lets Farm!Because I get much futher faster here then in Lets Farm game, the people dont buy from my shop there like they do in this game.The people in Lets farm is Extremely stingy they dont buy Anything and when they do they want it for almost for free!! NOW IM SOMMER PUT OFF FROM THAT LETS FARM GAME!! THANK YOU HAYDAY PLAYERS FOR HELPING ME GETTING FURTHER FASTER IN THIS GAME AND FOR SUPPORTING MY FARM SHOP! :-D
This is by far my favorite game!! I love that the furniture is real and you can actually buy anything you like from the perspective companies site. I also give props to any game that updates content daily and offers ways to make game money for free. (Although you can buy it if you want)  I literally wake up every morning and check my results and play the daily challenge.. before I even get out of bed!!
Fun game to pass five minutes between jobs lol! Only fault is its freezes sometimes I just uninstal then reinstall which works but is a pain!
I play this game for fun. If I am spending too much time on a level, I would  not play any more. So far I am able to finish within a decent time. I can get more beans by playing challenges that is fun but not always finish. a good time killer.
This game is the best game IV ever played it keeps you on your toes and its addictive and it passes the time and so much more its helping me to quit smoking that's the best part every time I want a cog.I play this game until the feeling goes away this the best game
Keeps shutting down. I had 4 kings games installed I have already removed 2 due to same issue. This next to go if not fixed. Maybe it's because I don't buy??
Love this game,  much better than the new version,  that one is for small kids,  keep up the good work on the side games,  the extra tools really help when your on the path. Love all side games including the games that give you gold bars once you reach the top.still loving this gam, so glad its not freezing up Nymore. Having fun!!!!! Still having fun
This game is adorable and i love the graphics too . But sometimes it will go back to my homescreen and says unfortunately farm heroes saga has stopped . Other than that , so far i still love this game 😊
Fridays are not the same anymore I hate games that have levels but at least you kept the one with the presents... around 10:30 tonight Friday night the 3rd I paid a dollar for 5 extra moves and the game quit plans so I lost the dollar would you resend it please...
It barely let's you jump you can barely get to the next block and it's not fair u can only hear the song if you play long enough I hate the game it's annoying
Its awful it keeps on glutching when I jump and why is it copying juju on dat beat like r u seriouse it needs to have more stuff to bye
Well , I like how when you fall it says "cash me outside airplane how bow da" instead of the beeping bc it was getting annoying.
Needs a lot of improvements. Some times at start you cant even jump to next platform. Much glitching into platforms. IMPROVE IT BIH
I downloaded the game thinking I could cash the little girl outside but it was some stupid run and jump game! Very disappointed!😈
It's an annoying game about a dumb meme and has nothing to do with the meme.  They just quote what she says over and and over
graphics are trash, and the controls are bad on purpose 😴
This has to be the worst bingo game I've come across. It's too fast calling numbers. The auto daubs can't even keep up with #s called. If you are handy able, don't even try. The makers didn't think of you when creating this. Even with a skilled mind and reflexes, you will struggle. I did mention their own program can't even keep up right? Don't waste your time. There are better bingo games out there. The good reviews have to be from the creators. Deleting.
Open game "princess goldie"  is a total ripoff! Just got 5 of a kind and didn't get paid anything! This is by far the worst slots game I have ever played! I can't believe people actually pay money to play this game! I've been playing for eons and never get ahead... Payouts are the poorest ever! This game sucks big time!
Sometime you just can't get the unit you wanted... 😥 Sadly, I only played here and there now. Spend $∅ on this because not worth it. Little chance of getting a good unit is 7%. If you want good units you must spend a load of cashes for this game. Right on! For those for spending a lot 😉
King games are by far my FAVORITE to have on my phone. Not only do they give less problems than any other app I use (I probably can't mention the 1 that goes by 2 letters) but King also has the most efficient & truly caring Customer Support Staff of ANY COMPANY I've EVER dealt with!! 🤘😊😊😊👍👍💜💜💜
So I factory reset my phone cuz it was acting up. Then I realized I didn't back up my  account with a number and password. Installed the game and checked my account was not there. There goes a lvl 156 account with every card you can ever dream of. I AM NOT PLAYING THIS ALL OVER. TOOK ME OVER A YEARS TO PERFECT MY TEAM...Give us personal log in accounts please! For the love of God do this so others don't do the same thing I did. As for me..return my account and I can guarantee a 5 stars and I will play.
Great game but the Strikes be way too hard like even if you have to color advantage you do less than the weaker color. For example, if I have an agility(Blue) character vs a Red(Strength) character, they do much more than me. Why?
This takes up a GB on my phone and I don't have enough space for any other apps. It won't go on my SD card for some reason even though it did on my previous phone. Please find a way to make this app take less space. It's also extremely slow and laggy sometimes and makes it much less enjoyable. Also, Super Vegito's Final Kamehameha looks like a regular Kamehameha, it needs a lot more Final Flash in it. Plus, it won't open anymore. It loads until 33% then closes. Please fix these problems.
I have been playing every day for almost a year but I can't seem to play anymore since the last update (there goes my consecutive login bonuses). The game would start and it would be loading but before it can finish loading, the app crashes. Please help! I have so many good characters and have not encountered a problem til now. 😞 (Will change ratings once fixed)
Might I suggest letting us use our gmail or our yahoo account. Because I was giving my transfer code and at first it worked but then when I wanted to go back in, it's saying that it doesn't recognize me. The game is good but Y'ALL NEED TO CHANGE THIS BECAUSE I CAN'T GET BACK IN THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UPDATE THIS AND LET US USE OUR GMAIL OR YAHOO ACCOUNTS BECAUSE NOW I PROBABLY LOST EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!! My Account name is JD
A very addictive game, but after every update there is a lot of trouble getting the game to even start for a few days or even weeks. Examples include the screen going darker after trying to pass the title screen, "communication errors", and difficulties downloading new updates in general. While it can be a fun and addictive game, it can be very aggravating as well.
Love the game overall..A few things I dislike about the game , you have to wait every five minutes for your stamina to go up by one.. also the Japanese version has way more features , able to get more gems and SSR cards than global.. also they are basically more fun to play in Japanese than global..Make global have the same things as the Japanese version( missions,story,etc.etc.).. global is harder and longer to get upgrades.. make it more fun pls and change global entirely!!
I wish the fighting systom was more like actual fighting, like most games on the main systoms. But this game is by far the best app out there to me. Its all about building the ultimate team and attemting super hard challenges. Thays why ut gets 5stars.
This game is 100% pay to win, there is no room in it for free players.. There is nothing to stop a player with 100 million influence from attacking someone with 5 million influence.. (which the odds of you getting 5 million influence without paying is almost non existant..) and there is no stratagy that can save you.. This is not a whine, this is just information... there is no balance between free play, and paid play, and no balance between paid players either.. spend the most, win the most.
People who say this game is gambling for your money, know that they are half wrong.   I have bought a thing or two but the game gives enough Gems through gameplay that you could actually, patiently, get the Gems you require in some time. Yes, at the beginning it isn't easy to get as much gems as you may require to get the OP legends, because you don't have enough quests open nor any other extras, but this game isn't going to let you get the best legends early in a game for free now are they? Exactly, they allow you to gradually level up with Shard legends until you are able to open most quests (and few other bits) which will begin to generate you some Gems and eventually give you chances to get the OP legend.   Simple. And once you get the OP legend it wouldn't take long to boost it up quickly because you'll have a high level under Monsters Attack to boost it quickly.   Yes, sure. The game does give you loads of options that allow you to buy stuff but they aren't necessary to play the game. I bought a thing or two but only because it was ether a very good deal or because I was inpatient. Not because the game made me.
Older accounts have a much lower rate of gem rolling new legendary heroes than new accounts which sucks because I play every day. And every time I save a bad edited review they change it to when I first liked it.no more spending money on this game. IGG are assholes.
I love how every update there is, there is a new hero. I am 11 years old and I have been playing this game for a while now... If anyone is looking for a fun game to play, come play Castle Clash!
I've literally never had to pay a cent for anything and I have great heroes! I just make sure I play every day to get the most out of the game. It's addictive and fun! Love it.
The "help" is a joke.  There is nothing that actually explains anything.  Show me doesn't "show" you anything. Would love to know why I have to update on one device. But not on another. Dowoaded the same day on both.
Played for over 2 yrs and still going, never spent a cent. As usual, you can spend $  if u are impatient and want faster progression or to buy heros. It's your choice.
Now that I have been playing for 4 yrs.  It's impossible to acquire new hero's through rolling.  I can amass gems fairly quickly but only roll green or blue heroes
It's fun and addictive. IGG has horrible customer service, it's very obvious that they only care about $$. New content has been cash grabs for a long time
Temple run 2 is a great game, I love playing every challenge.  They need to fix a cliche that takes my hard earn scores away and then I would love it again
The updates the devs do help to keep the game fresh and exciting, global challenges make for great replay ability for some one like me who has fully upgraded and bought nearly all the characters. Occasionally my game won't read my swipes or when I put my finger on the screen ready to swipe it'll read that as a horizontal swipe.
It's a easy game to play first they tell you what to do like tilt left and other stuff like that you have to complete daily and weekly challenges. I would recommend this game to others.
My 4 year old loves and his 38 year old dad does too!  Pretty bummed I just got some crap political activism pop up by the creators. Is this really the venue for this? Let's leave politics in the hands of voting adults and off of games. I don't want my kids games giving them obviously bias opinions. Almost took some stars off the review, but decided one poor decision doesn't counter the fun that you've provided. Please keep your politics to yourself and away from my kids. Especially when you only give one side of an issue. Well, just got a popup for something I searched for in my phone's browser last night. Thank you for also spying on me. Lost a star for that one.
Not any fun. Controls don't react like they should. But what makes it so awful is this is nothing even remotely like the first temple run.
The game is good but you should work on the objectives, the chests are opening to already found items which is discouraging when i want to find new items and unlock an objective.  Consider also an option to skip the objectives.
This game is truly amazing due to the good graphics and the challenging obstacles although this game can be played offline so when I'm bored or on the bus I just take out my phone and play,my point is this game is addictive and fun I hope everyone else is injoying the game like I am
Love it :) but I think there's a glitch with the sanity that it infinitely drains even during the day it still goes down :(
Great,  but it doesn't work on my daughter's s2, and there's really no reason it shouldn't.  If it does in the future, then definitely a 5 star.
It's a great game, but it's controls are very bad
Great game done dirty by horrible controls
The controls are terrible compared to the cpuld version
Might be fun if you could win every once in a while. Every time you build up a small bank roll you go on a losing streak and you're done. Hopefully no one spends their hard earned money on this game.
I am a widow living in a veteran home on a fixed income, I used to love this game but now I can't win and can't afford to buy any more because when I do I can only play a few minutes on the millions of credits I bought, I'm sad.
Nice themes,decent graphics but don't expect to win for long without purchasing. The new features are always distractions and the rest is a moneygrab.
I loved the movie when I. Was a child &, love more playing this game. It's like saying There's No Place Like Home
Hey I know you guys don't read your update because the game is still freezing up when I go to get a free video fix it do I fix the comments it seems to be a problem the game is still up when I get a free video is there a problem with your programming
Wot a joke gives you 1.5000.000.lets you win ha ha 50 million. And then screws for the lot every time transparent crap...
Slots..Fun Game..So Far So Good..Could Be A With A Few More Bonuses.. Great Graphics..The Wizard Of Oz Has Always Been My Very Favorite Movie Ever.😋👍
Lost achievements when I got a new phone, but IT trying to fix. They reapond quickly to gaming problems!
Its cool.feels like your really in the game.just need more help I. Tuturiol it doesn't tell u how to rebound or substitute or call timeouts or how to challenge or request your friends to play.if it does I haven't seen it I already completed the tuturiol..
I wish I could count stats.  I wish I could catch on the go and dunk manually without needed to hold "Drive" in order to dunk.. He's already driving.   I wish when I save for weeks to earn items/players/collectibles, and you all add and remove features, I could redeem what I've lost in the form of my earned progress. Pretty disappointing there.   Otherwise, innovative way to put NBA Live on your device. Nice groundwork.
Now if EA was smart they would read this comment and fix this game now. The reason why I only gave this game a 4 star is simply because you only get 400 coins in a single game. Now take this comment into real consideration and fix this so people can get a least 1500 coins just like on Madden Mobile. 400 coins is not even half of one thousand coins. Come on now 1500 coins could do A LOT more than 400 coins FIX IT
Guys, i really appreciate the game, me and my nephew is very addicted to it. But it lacks one thing, the trading system. It is impossible for us to trade players, we try using the auction, but whenever he sells something, i can't see it, and my opinion is to add trading system. I'm hoping that you may react on this review and i'm expecting some better changes afterwards. For me just 4/5.
I like the game and everything about it, there is just one thing, i wish the live events would give you a little more time. Like 10 more seconds and everything will be golden AND i will rate the game with 5 stars. I also dont like how if you just start the game, you gotta face elite players even if all your players are bronze players.
Can play for weeks and not get any upgrades to any of your teams.  The game has some kind of "God Mode" AI that it likes to flip on every now and then, too.  Particularly when you have low energy to try and make you spend money to refill energy.  The drop rates are horrible.  Look it up on YouTube to see people dump hundreds of dollars for mediocre garbage.
EA, you should set the game difficulty more lower as some of the new player can't win those live events. You must concern those new player as they just have bronze players and those bronzr players are not that 'pro' as the elites. So, I hope that you can take action on setting the game difficulty to more lower than now. And so I hope that you can give me a reply on this.
It can get frustrating at times but that's all part of the game if it were 2 ez you would blow right through it. It's also great because they didn't make it so people were godly and could just shoot wherever they wanted (like Stephen curry in 2k16 on console). They also made it easier to guard and get better players
Hello developers. Please update the stats of the players since some of them are not realistic. Also, some stats are too high (TOTW). This makes it difficult for players to complete sets because it's not worth it anymore. Some players deserve higher stats and some don't. But all in all this is a great game and i just want it to get better for basketball fans such as myself. For the love of the game.
Note to game developers everywhere..if you DEMAND the ability to invade my privacy for not reason, you will get immediately uninstalled very time. This game does NOT need access to my phone and location. And no...i am not going to give it to you since you can get more money on ads for it.
Wouldn't let me continue playing until I installed the update and it took me back to the very beginning!! VERY UNHAPPY WITH THE UPDATE 2/10/17
I uninstalled this game a while back because of issues with game and decided to check it out again. Low and behold the issues are 3 worse.  Hangups on launch, abilities firing on launch, matchups in arena 20 points above me, etc. I have a word of advice, dont install it or uninstall if you already have. Ads are ridiculous too.
graphics and sound are top notch. destroying piles is fun ;) a bit repetitive though: the level structures and challenges look all very similar. original birds are more variable and thought-out?!
It can take anywhere between 2 to 20 attempts to open the game. Keeps crashing at the loading screen. This has been happening for a while now. Fix it, and I will change the rating.  EDIT: The game just updated this morning, and it still crashes most of the time at launch.
I love the new spells & stuff u can get. Also I love that u can level ur birds up & get cards & other things, I really enjoy playing myself & so does my daughter 😊 we enjoy taking turns playing. I love that it is appropriate for all ages, fun & easy 2 play 😁
Everytime I get ahead and it crashes and then I lose it so that is why it's getting one star and you're lucky you got that really really starting to piss me off it keeps on crashing I play the three game thing I when it crashes did I got to go back and play it again
Serious game breaking bug. Support contacted 6 weeks ago with all the details, they don't have a fix and have not contacted me since.
Epic and fun. I kile that its for all ages. But i want there to be more gagets added. And clothes. And maby even a a whole new world. So lime instead of a lab add like a jungle or a underwater area. Add a mt.range 🖒👏
I liked the controls because their so easy to use. The game play was good to it's funny how the scientist run. The graphics were alright they could be better. Overall this game is great. OH YEAH!!!!!!! And what makes it even better is that you don't need Wi-Fi to play the game!!!!
Fun and addicting game, but sometimes gets lag and causes me to lose. Also lots of pop up ads, and errors when loading ads to get a new life.
this game has improoved since the last time i use to play it. so many more options but i still hate how it takes so many coins to buy anything
There's a problem that after picking Mr. Cuddles, Bone Dragon etc., the game freezes or sometimes closes unexpectedly after the update.
Wts wrong wit the game...!i used to play this game a year ago that tym it used to be very good and controlls were amazinging but this new update have lot of bugs in it I cnt even equip anything from shop after buying plz help me.....!!!
i have played this game before 2 year i completed it but now this game has not such graphics than older version its look blur....👎
thanks i just wish i didnt have to pay 5 dollars for one extra gadget  slot  thats  ridiculous
I don't get any of the lives people send me . They can send it to me 9 times and nothing. What is the reason for that happy option if it doesn't work? I also can have alot of balls and if I need one or 2 colors it isn't gonna happen. Other than that this game is super addicting , challenging and fun. Please help with the life thing.
The game never gives the right color ball to throw. I can have 17 moves , only need one color red. The game will wait until I have 4 moves left to give me that red ball. It's very irritating, but I like the game. It helps me pass the time at work. Thanks you guys😄
Will comment after playing this game for few days. My finding and rating is 1 star. Levels around 45 are hard due to big orders with lesser moves! Same problem like other bubble pop games! Thanks n Bye2.
I don't understand why there's a money tree when we can't get money off of it unless we pay for it with real money. Also can't watch videos to get free coins to get the special things that can help us beat certain levels, we have to buy them with real money. I'm not one of those stupid people that would waist my money on games, I have more important things to pay for.
I have played this game had problems before it for fix but it seem this time I am going to uninstall even tho I love it and it a fun game for my 10yr and myself I am not in the mood to uninstall just to reinstall  and start from the beginning spent to much money on it to have to do it... but it is not getting fix and it been about a week now since I have played due to it not loading... wish ya can fix it before I uninstall it I am giving it about 3 more days if not good by game... over all fun I am by level 676... did the update and it was the end of the game for us...
After a certain point you only get 2 maybe 3 of the same color balls, on the higher levels when you have like 10 shots it's impossible because you may need any number of colors but you'll only get 2 to shoot... it isn't random it's guaranteed that you'll only get the same 2 colors for the majority of shots. Absolute waste of time
I have been playing this game for a long time, and I haven't had any problems until I got a new tablet. I am on the same level on my computer, laptop and phone, but the tablet app has to be reinstalled whenever I go up a level. If I play on my tablet and go up a level, it says it is saved, but isn't on the other devices. I've tried everything they say to try and nothing helps. Basically a waste of time using this app on my tablet.
Game is super slow since last update. Freezes and skips. Graphics can't keep up. All other games and apps play just fine on my phone. This is the only one with am issue
I really like the game.  My problems are twofold..One the game loses progress.  I was signed Into Facebook where I thought progress was saved.  My phone died and once I got Panda Pop loaded on a different device it started over.  I was at level 721 so this was sad.  Now on one android device when I open the game it comes up  on the first level.  I have to sign.out and back into Facebook to get to the right level  When I buy coins it only shows on one device also.  I enjoy the game but not the hassles.  I've sent emails to support and no response.  Only when It took money 3 times that It was to take once.did I.get assistance. Oh I'm on level 346 now after starting over.
I wish the war perk timer will stop when not in use. Pls add also "perk set" feature. So we can use particular set of perks in different missions and not to change the perks everytime.
Would be great if they had fewer upgrades required to play. I get it, sure, but seems excessive. Surprised they don't force updates between shots.
Kill Shot Grind-o is what this game should be called. This is yet another pay to win freemium game. You can't get anywhere w/o gold (1 of 3 in game currencies) and you don't get much from completing missions. You can watch videos or do tapjoy offers for gold (half of the time neither works right tho), but unless you spend REAL money you will have to grind your ass off to get new guns. Also, the premium guns (which cost way too much gold) have such an edge over the regular ones that it makes for lopsided gameplay most of the time in PvP. This game caters to the big spender by making them feel godlike in comparison to the free player. Unfortunately, for those of us who don't have egoist or narcissistic outlooks (so we aren't willing to spend a lot of cash just to feel like a badass in a video game) this game winds up making you feel like you should play a sniper game on a console that is more balanced even if it costs you fifty bucks or so. If you want to be an elite player here get ready to spend hundreds if not thousands of dollars. Sound good? I didn't think so either...
Very laggy with lots of "internal server error" messages...and steals rewards and lives... Who in their right mind would actually pay for this?
This game could be great but I couldn't get past level 4. Then nothing on home screen, menu or "mission" screens did anything but freeze and stop the game. Needs some work
Good game like The Load-Out but have had issues and no help I'm recently uninstalled to try to fix problem and have had to restart is there any way to to reload my account please
For the past three times when I rank up in PVP, the moment I try to claim rewards the app crashes. It's really annoying, please fix and see if I can get the rewards.
great game but one problem there's to many ads and the X button on the top corner is to small for me to press so rather get rid of the ads or make the X bigger then I'll rate 5 star
I've installed all three of the apps and I love them. I love the music, the graphics, and everything else. Its very addictive. And also very challenging. Though  I am a little bad at some levels. But still LOVE IT.
I LOVE IT SO MUCH but... I played it so much imy eyes were hurting so much i can't open my eyes the next day but now its gone. And yea bye
I love it so much, best game ever.  But the ads are ridiculous.  I understand ads usually but ever 5 or so times I die there is an add.  Not just a picture add but a video I can't leave.  Please reduce them.
The songs are off alot and some colors and character locks are yellow and it says only unlockable in the full game and 1 color say beat clupstep in normal to unlock color pls fix then Rate five
I cant stand to be without this 🎮 so i have'if wrote a poem rose's are red violets are blue geometry dash i cant stand the 💘 between me and you thanks robtop i hope you are the TOP best ayy ayy.
I felt so alive playing the energetic game and even though it's really hard it just made it more satisfying when I beat it but maybe they should add a checkpoint in the middle so it doesn't take so long
Very disappointed that the people you play against are always 20 levels higher than you. Then you wait 24hrs again and the samething happens. You cant battle anyone. Almost renders the game useless. Ive been playing the game for about a year now and other than that it is a great game.
Match making is RIDICULOUS! Impossible to advance without paying money. You're lvl 35 getting raped by lvl 50s over and over daily. And what lvl bases can you attack at lvl 35? LVL 50+ just awful and frustrating. Games should be fun. Not pay to win. Micro transactions have ruined games. $$$$$$
Clash of Royal what? Hands down the best game on Android and iOS. I can't stop playing. Worst thing about this game is the addiction factor! No other game offers so much for free. Usually have to pay money to be competitive. Not here. Simple to learn. Difficult to master. Superior fun trying. Great way to make new friends or spend fun times with old ones. 10 stars for getting it right, Supercell!
Everything in your mab is play time, if  you can conquer it. All you need is resources and a good army. You can slow build because everything will be giving in due time or you can spoiled the  game for everybody and used real money to build up your craps and kick everybody ass lower than you.
I have been playing Boom Beach for almost 3 years and I'm at level 46. I've never had a game this long...period. However to make things more interesting I feel you guys should implement day and night instead of just consistent day time. Also I think we should be able to use our troops to help defend our base when it comes under attack granted troops are available. (no gunship just troops on your drop boats) Last I hope you can implement a task force island where members of a task force can build up their own HQ designated to that task force. Other than that this game is boss. Great job
Great game. Perfect for on the go. And have a spare 5 mins to half an hour to play a game everyday. Seems ro be getting a habit of mine playing this on my dinner break and sneaking off later the same day to have half hour on the toilet and playing boom beach. :) level 16 so far and going strong. 😜 recommended 👍👍👍👍👍
I'd give this 5 stars if this option existed.  After playing the game you learn how to be smarter with your defenses and it would be really nice to try new tactics.  **update 1/16** with no option to start over and having reached level 60 I just got bored with it.  Great game, killed lots of hours, love crabby, wish I could start over.
I would give the game five stars but I think the game needs a worldwide chat to attract more players for task forces. Also maybe a private chat so club officers can pull aside task force members who need to pull there act together. Also there should be like a swear word filter to make the  game more family friendly.
lost my saved game and all my money do not waste your time or money
The game is amazing but what is the point of the silage cutter? You sell silage for half the price then what you get for the seed. I wish you could also feed it to the cows and a bigger seeder other that that it is totally worth it!!!!!!! Improve it then I will give it 5 star rating. Please do so.
It's an absolutely great time killer on the phone but on this new tablet I just got it's even better I wish you guys could add more updates like a dream world so whenever Tom goes to sleep you don't have to be bored for like three hours strait
My brother and i liked this game so much even my grandma liked this game. Her best part is when she talk something that tom repeat. When tom repeat what she has told she laugh so hardly that in her eye😂😂 tear will came👍💖💗💞💞💟.                                         Thank u for making this amazing app or game
Having to reinstall and start all over again cuz i cant remember. My email password's conplete b.s.! It should save on my SD card not be tracked by an email addy. I do like the game a little more since the new dl added a few new features. Just having to start all over is crap!!
This game are perfect! Sometimes when you playing game it's start anoying you. Like you feel bored cause everytime you doing the same thing. Ya know like pet him,feed him,turn off the light cause he want to sleep,or go in toilet. But I still love it!!! Everytime when I get new phone I just can't don't download this game😂❤
It's pretty good the only problem is that your starting to make Tom like Angela.He never ever had the flying thing he never had that game of rainbow splash or something like that. I really think that you should make Tom himself and not like Angela and that's pretty much it
The games nice but once i was  playing games, i hear a voice saying "i will find you." This made me search talking tom but find the normal game, i still play but im not sure if its self awareness or if it actually happend.
ANNOYING tom needs more care then my Angela and she takes a lot of care. sorry game developers but this game sucks. If you agree then plz like this commentary. By the way you don't have to like this commentary I'm just asking for likes on this commentary.😇
Cannot connect to internet but other apps work fine. No problem with my internet too. This will waste my time to finish any R&D. Final AI of Renault Alpine seems impossible... Too much pressure to complete it. Please consider something
Why my data delete automatically... Omg gonna mad ... If i get mad then police will arrest you guys ... Fix it right now otherwise I'll die...i still didn't get my cars or stars back.. what the hell
First of all... the game is too big. 2gbs are u kiddin me😒. Also the new update has renault alpine celebration task and if u complete the task u get the car. Great thinkin by the app creator. But u could make it less challenging man. Already we have to complete 50 tasks to get the car and th3 challenges are not that easy. Please reduce the difficulty level man.  Cheers🤘
Ive just experienced a crash on the game when i updated it just now and Asphalt 8 suddenly stopped. Ive already restarted my phone several times and even uninstall then reinstall it but with same result, what's wrong?....pls help..
Overall its an amazing n addictive game but there r bugs that NEED to b fixed! I cannot collect my multi-player rewards, n therefore cannot play multi-player! Whenever I watch a video it crashes n can crash alot randomly please fix these issues n I'll give it a 5 *!!
i uninstalled this game before bcause i got bored. the graphics was fine back then. aftermonth, i re install it then i got this black bullshit screen. i tried another version and i got the same problem. so anyone have solution for this?
The winter update problem tap to steer control is fixed. Thanks gameloft. Back on the throne. This upgrade is so high graphics that my device isn't running well but lagging. I wish I could buy an expensive device.
Very fun! They have lots of different mini games and collections to fill. It's a hard app to get bored with. The only negative thing is that they don't give out many daily bonuses.
Don't like that when you hit a free space power up on the last ball you just lose it. It doesn't count. Could be the difference between getting a bingo or not.  Same thing with having the reels rolling before game starts.
So much fun! I play daily!! I just don't get bonuses sometimes. I've missed out on over 400 red balls because of some glitch or something. Pisses me off!
Since yesterday it won't open.  I'm getting mad.  I can even go in to the play store and often it that way it backs me out to the main screen on my phone getting mad fix this now my 3 year old  daughter and I would love to play together
Coming up on my 5 year anniversary and I've loved it since I found it the. Only thing i cant stand about the game is does not give out enough game credits on The Daily or hex shakes you're on the internet it's all virtual there is no cash prizes so why not have one or two days a month unlimited chips or else have it as a daily spin one hour to hour for chips only that would take Bingo Bash over the top when it comes to games I have not found another game that gives you unlimited chips or daily talking when it comes to bingo
Dearest Bingo Bash since your updates this game constantly freezes up. I can't login...to login I have to uninstall and reinstall....I'm totally pissed. What was rated 5 star has now become 1 star....get your act together
So called merge state process now i couldn't connect to state 102..even reinstall also the same..wtf
Now keep crushibg and so laggy, weeks still not getting any better.
Why i can not receive my rewards. And no notification at all when i finished gather and kill zombies.
Everytime I try and buy a package aka in app it has kept saying error for last few months im stuck and cant progress now thanks to you lot !
Haven't been able to connect in days. No response from support. Was fun while it lasted.
It doesn't work for a year I played it on 2015 it won't work
Stupid game day 4 of no game play   greedy game makes tired to merge people togeather to make war and now it doesnt open
I absolutely love this game.   I'm addicted,  along with my husband.  The graphics are top notch.  The ability to gain coins every hour is awesome,  especially on the levels that seem to take forever to complete.   Way to go,  keep up the good work.   I can't wait to see what lies ahead.
This game is nuts so addictive. I got to the Jackpot Room an honestly i must have won 50,000,000 so many times an ended up with nothing. Running out of time i have to get that grand Jackpot so i can put a nail in the coffin!! Good game sort of don't want the new slot to come out so i can finally beat it.
UPDATE: THIS WAS GREAT UNTIL THEY TIGHTENED UP PAYOUTS AND REALLY STARTED AGRESSIVELY HOUNDING USERS TO BUY COINS! THEY WILL SAY IN REVIEWS "KEEP TRYING, YOU'LL SUCCEED" AND "ITS ALL RANDOM".  B.S.!!! THEIR RANDOM GENERATORS ARE DEFINITELY NOT RANDOM! THEIR $99 COIN OFFER IS TOO EXPENSIVE AND NOT ENOUGH COINS! I LOST 18 BILLION FREE COINS IN 5 HOURS!  THEY DONT EVEN GIVE YOU 7 BILIION COINS FOR $99! PLAY BUT DON'T PAY!!!!  OLD 5 STAR REVIEW:   ThiS is THE BEST slot game PERIOD!!! They listen to their customers, constantly update, and give you beautiful graphics with addictive game play! What else can you ask for?
I started this game on accident, but, I'm hooked. I look forward to collecting every hour, the bonuses are great, the graphics are fabulous. I found another slot game by the same maker, not as good, but like that one also. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.  Keep the games coming.
So somehow my account got messed up. I play two accounts the one I have played for a long time is the one I'm upset about. I was level 115 had over 300 days of vip I had over 300 gems and my gems for free pins some where at 12 and others at 10 pluss I had purchased some coins so my slot now I have to watch adds for. I've been playing for a long time now and I'm upset that my account wasn't backed up with my Facebook. Please help fix.
This game is awesome. & very. addicted.   I like it out of any other games i have played.  And the pay out is high.  I would recommend. this to anyone, thats loosing there money in the gamerooms.  You can keep your money and play tbis one.  Drinks on me.  Ha ha.
Can never get free spins or bonus. Takes weeks to pass level unless you keep buying coins that you lose right away. Give you one or two million on free bonus and expect you to pass level by get 7 billion. Fun when you win but lose 90 percent of time. Is a waste of time and money
This is a most intriguing, addictive game. The graphics are enchanting and the challenges and quests are all consuming. So glad gaming venues do not have this much charm or I would never be home. Deana
Wonderfully done with the graphic  design of this game. Artist did great with their drawing ideal concepts for the overall of the game.  Love the variety of slot machines too.    ♡♡♡♡♡ + ☆☆☆☆☆ =       perfection!                I've now re-evaluated SCATTERED SLOTS... 5/21/2016 This game is awsome.  I've even spread the word about this slot game.  Designers keep up the great work...                    (° ~°) ★★★★★★★★★★still awesome slots game!! ☆☆☆☆☆♡♡♡♡♡
Notifications need to be updated so it's not making your phone go off at 3 am multiple times to tell you your boat is about to leave when really you have 8 more hours. I have bought things from other farmers recently and the money is gone but the items aren't in my barn. It would be nice if Tom was 10 gems every now and then rather than 15 too but as long as the previous get fixed I will up my rating.
I really like this game 😁 but the food takes a while to make some I have to wait a while to complete orders 😣 Also we need to use 1 sack of food per animal 😐 it will be better if we can feed 2 or 3 animals with 1 sack of food. Only minor changes should be made but other than that I really like it. I'm a really big fan of supercell I'm a CLASHER! 😂 Thank you guys!
A very important change need to be made is to give a dial format instead of buttons to increase and decrease the amount of money before putting into shop. Clicking from 50 to 200 (suppose) is very irritating.          Keep up. Regards.
"Love it, Hayday is one of the bestest games ever me and my family all play it. Im very much addicted to it and already am on level 36 im so exicited to play on.My only problem is tom costs alot of dimonds but other than that its grate. Also,just a tip,i think the derby takes way too long for a 🆕  derby to start. This game is so cute😍 and fun to play. Love the graphics and animal costumes. I suggest this fun game to every one who reads this." 👍👍👍👍😜😎😎😋😋😆😆😝😝😜😜😂😂😉😉☺☺
I love hay day but am not a fan of the fact that Tom goes to waste at night and when I'm at work.  As well as the cost of diamonds.  I've definitely have spent a fair share of money on them and it's just too expensive. Do a rewards program or give out free daily diamonds.  It doesn't have to be a lot just something that makes it worth it when you do spend money.  Thanks.  Otherwise fantastic game.  Thank you. 😊
Definitely good for all ages.   Try it for yourself.   For the developers --Need Tom to sleep when I do n wake up when I switch back on. Some products take hours to cook. Really need to review some of the long wait items n set up a gift exchange as part of the shop so we can sell decorations we no longer want to use or keep. We have a great hood so every day players out there come n join us.
I really love the detail and the tiered levelling system within the game. There is always something to do and a goal to reach. I am only a level 10 player so I can't comment on the more advanced features like neighbourhoods. Only suggestion is to increase the pick up ratio of tools when farming crops. Other then that the community, gameplay and cute graphics get a solid 5 stars.
Best game ever, & the only game, I play, don't want to put it down. This game has gotten me through 6 bed rest surgeries, calms me down, I git to visit & chat with my neighbors, being a leader in such a wonderful neighborhood is a bonus; can refuse people who is not wanted so no drama, Hey this game is #1 in my book. It really should be nominated best game since it debuted. I have played since it first came available & haven't gotten bored yet!!!! Great job Administration!!!!!
I love that there are so many different items to choose from. My only issue is the money earned for challenges. Compared to how much one has to spend designing a room, the money earned  doesn't add up fast  enough. Consider raising to $750 or $1,000. I'm not a fan of games that I have to constantly shell money out to purchase game currency. I uninstall just as quick as I download.
I really enjoy this app because it is relaxing and helps me fall asleep at night by relieving stress. Something I feel would improve the game is if earning money was easier. I often don't have the money to choose good furniture. It would be nice if the payout was based on how difficult the room requirements were to meet instead of being a flat payment of $500 for all rooms except the daily room.
I really enjoy this game with the graphics and the styling each themed room... Only thing I don't like is the little money you receive after completing a room.. it's no where near enough to be able to buy other furniture for other rooms. Perhaps when voting is complete along with a prize you receive if your room scores 4 stars or more have a set amount of money for each score like 3 stars $300 4 stars $400...
Its really good! Very addictive. But I haven't received all of my prizes! I wasn't given the Blue couch (Building a brand in bali) and around a week ago I didn't get the same (or similar) red couch ! :( please sort this, the prizes are the whole excitement of the game! I regularly spend money on the game. Also, would be great to connect with people and be able to borrow like on Covet fasion. Also, let us keep our prizes please. You dont give enough money to enter competitions for you to then take the prizes after 5 uses??
I love the app and the game. The grapics are wonderful. But the down side to this app is that my boyfriend plays this game also and wanted to log onto his fb account on my phone since my screen is bigger and then it wouldn't let him on his account it linked my game to his fb account. You can only play 1 account on this game. Nobody else can log in from another fb account without it linking your game to their account. I would rate this game 5 stars but after this problem I'm giving it a 3.
This app needs a lot of work!  The concept is great but difficult to play because of the constant needing to accumulate diamonds and money.  It constantly crashes, and loops that error message.  Diamonds and money are lost.  To play on my Samsung 7, the inventory descriptions are so small I need a magnifying glass.
Great game and concept. Love the designing. But the items never change. You never really win anything new. You cant afford to buy anything without spending your weekly paycheck. I  spend quite a bit of money on the game and I have used the free diamonds option but it NEVER works. And when i contact the help center i get an auto generated message saying i was already given my diamonds. Game needs some work.
The items for the most part are too expensive and I hate that you don't get unlimited use of what you own. Also you should be able to borrow a piece from your friends who play like you can in Covet. The diamond items are also too pricey. We need a bigger daily payout than what we get, too.
I wish you could arrange the furniture where you would like it.  The fact that you only get $500 for your reward is crazy, especially when the one challenge they required an item over $3000.  How is that fair.  The diamonds aren't even worth more then the cash.  Dont get unlimited use on the prizes you win.  I enjoy playing the game but if i cant save enough money for you requirements for the challenge it makes it disappointing.  And the judgeing seems unfair as to who doesnt follow the instructions at the beginning of what the customer wants.
I have been playing this game for over 3 or so years but I will need a refund on the last 3day of in game purchases due to the game crashing during the game play it has waisted my money and gold bars not sure what you people have done to this game but it's sad I Uninstalled reinstalled and still the same sucks favorite game going down the drain
This is such an addictive and cool game. I have more than 300000 beans but cannot do anything with it. With the next update,make it possible that we are able to use the beans to e.g  spades. That would be great
App keeps crashing after each round, there is no reason why and I've been sending reports for a week now. Please help. I would hate to Uninstall
Great game, been hooked!! Only bad thing is my quests disappear randomly and I can't get them back. Other that that such a great game.
Awesome game, I am reaching 1200 levels pretty soon, the only draw back is there is no new challenges as the game progresses, might be because the developer is busy in creating new games!!!!
Addictive to me atleast!! Most fav pastime.. one and the only game i've been playing since months and didnt quit :) thumbs up !!
Please redesign to consume less ram. On my old device with free ram 250mb it always force close. I will give 5*
Shiitest game ever can't jump lags a lot and constantly says cash me outside when u fall which is pretty much every jump waste of time and storage
The controller dose not even work it's stupid I hate I wish I could give it 0 stars
I don't like it. It has nothing to do with the meme at all. When you want it to jump it won't jump on the single blocks.
Game does not even work i can't even get past the start
Blood is redddd vains are blueee be my Valentine OR CASH ME OUTSIDE HOW BOUT DAH
Thus game you will rage quite because when you tap it sometimes dosen't take your tap
Nice game!! When u play once u can't stop repeating
If you don't like the controls get ball jump it is so much better
So da game coo but it dont let me jump wen i wont to an i gotta hol bunch of coin but it aint nun else ta buy dats dumb too but da rest coo
This is a great game if only you didn't have to use a lot of bingo credits to play each game and yet they don't provide enough bingo credits for you to fully enjoy the game. You will need to purchase bingo credits all the time in order to enjoy the game. Not really worth my money since they never give more to begin with.
If you just want to take up space on your devise then download this game. It is the worst game ever, 4 yrs of playing and still can't complete rooms. Daily tournament  is a joke you can't get all ur pieces to complete that room either. What a bleeping joke. GOOD RIDDANCE  BINGO BLITZ
I updated my Bingo Blitz today n now all of a sudden I can't play the game anymore. It said something about wi-fi. I never needed wi-fi to play before. How come I need it now?? Bingo Blitz is one of my favorite games n I really want to play again. Can I undo the update? Can you pls help me with this matter. Thank you for ur time.
Your game cheats people. Had a good bingo an it says it was bad. Two number were covered by a star from one of my power ups. Then the other 3 numbers were called but bad bingo how's that. Your games bullshit an I'm deleting it! Has happened to me repeatedly!
WORST bingo /slot game ever! Been playing for almost 5 years and game just gets worse!  Daily spin is a joke  (2 credits, every single time nothing EVER on left side ) Games are to expensive with what is given out as logging. Never any bonuses or credits given out when you level up!  And you might get one small win a day on slots. I was elite but I cancelled. Just not worth it any more! Complaining only falls on deaf ears!!!
Even when I press Bingo, 1 or 2 seconds later the round ends & I don't get the additional points like I shoul.  I have put out quite a bit of $ to play your game.  You think that your game would process my pressing the Bingo Key better....to benefit me & not your game business.
I very much like playing Bingo but am tired of being cheated on my five free daily games. How is it in a regular room the game knows you were frozen/booted from a room and you get your credits back. In daily free room you get a zero & lose the game! Even if you have got coined squares before it booted you! That's called cheating me!!!!!!!
GAME HAS NOT LOADED FOR 6 DAYS. I HAVE MISSED ALL THE DAILY COINS AND CREDITS AS WELL AS THE AGGRAVATION OF WASTED SPACE ON MY PHONE. I LOVE THE APP WHEN IT IS WORKING. LESS NEW AND MORE WORK ON FIXING PROBLEMS PLEASE.
No play time. Eats coins . Dead spin after dead spin. Bonuses are very rare and are worthless compared to the amount of coins you have to pump in to hit a free spin or bonus mode.  Like adding insult to injury. Waste of money for sure. I recommend you not buy coins.
I really enjoy the variety of the hundred or so slots on this wonderful app, the beautiful graphics, lots of great bonuses, the fact that you can win enough that there is no need to buy anything(unlike a lot of the slots that I've tried) and that any slot can be active or not in case of space issues. I'm enjoying the Alien Invasion slot! In my top two along with DUC. CAESARS ROCKS!!!!
Please get rid of the big and mega win graphics along with the 5 of a kind. They are so slow and annoying. If you can't make them faster, at least give us the option to turn them off.
The designers get 5 stars for the great games they create. Playtika as a company gets a 1 and that's being kind. They say everything is done by Random Number Generator which is a joke. It is nog unusual to get the same daily bonus spin a week straight. Customer service usually blames your computer for any issues you have. If you are lucky enough to be one of the chosen few that will make billions you will like the game. If you are like the majority of us, don't start playing. You will get hooked but dealing with it will frustrate you to no end.
When your coins get low you can't hit. Its more like they want you to purchase coins which I've done but then didn't hit phone bill was so large I'll never purchase I'll just wait till my coins tally back up however the games are fun to play a nice past time when there is nothing to watch on TV
Playtika slots are the no 1 social slots in the market. Please disagree with mi if u find my statement unbelieveable. Just check out the total no of downloads for playtika and u will get the ans. Their address( caesars palace) also tell mi their the real deal.
I just got fucked without lube.  This latest update kept disconnecting from the Internet while I was in the middle of a game. The only option I had was to uninstall and restart.  As a result, I am back at level 1 instead of level 200+ where I was before the update.  I read the comment you posted in reply before my edit.  I tried your suggestions, but was not ab;e to find the path you suggested.  I am angry because i put real money into this game..  This feels like a bait and switch to me.
PROS: classic ff gameplay, gorgeous graphics, amazing content with frequent updates and regular free gifts.  Tech suppport/Bugs: Tech suppport is quick to reply to any issues or questions. Only 2 or 3 very minor bugs so far. CONS: Occasional CTD. Grindy endgame (but if you're a fan of FF you're used to that). Nostalgia: Many FF characters aren't out yet and getting all your faves will take a while or cost alot. No offline mode. Some P2W aspects.
This game is not half bad a RPG for mobile. It is really story driven and the fight mechanics makes sense for current form factor of mobile devices. The ability to add friends and have them aide you in your battles is absolutely crucial for this game to survive. Very well done. Oh it was also smart to limit the amount of time in between friends usage in battle.
I'm enjoying the game play. As a veteran player of Brave Frontier, I'm so far enjoying this Final Fantasy version of what is essentially brave frontier. I enjoy the interactive map phases, makes it more real. I'm personally just scared of the Pay to Win features. I'm heavily invested in Brave Frontier. So to take on another game such as this, just makes me hope that they'll release steady content and to continue to do a decent job at maintaining our satisfaction. What I mean by satisfaction, is to release more dungeons, maps, storyline.
Fun game, especially if you like Final Fantasy games. It is also not a money grabber which is rare, and nice to see. I have been playing for months, and have not even come close to running out of things to do. The developers add events, and content on a constant, and consistent basis, so I see the playability of this game continuing on for quite a long time.
About 2 hours in. Enjoying so far. Story and characters are a bit cliché, but it's not a bad thing. I've taken down my first esper, saved a few villagers from the goblin cave and made a couple freinds in the process.   Get off your chocobo and check this one out!
Beautiful visually, musically appealing. Good bs fun for any fan of the old turn-based jrpg style. Plus this doesn't rely on the story. In fact quite the oposite so those of us who missed a game or two can still get a brief idea of who we have on our team.
Generous about free premium currency. Fun using familiar characters, though somewhat limiting due to seemingly arbitrary power limits. Controls in walkabout sections are iffy. Battling is fast and fun. Unfortunately you can't pick your  colloseum opponents, so you often get stuck against very high level teams.   Recommended.
Like the game and is very reminiscent of the old Final Fantasy games I grew up with.  After the main content, playing through same levels doesn't feel rewarding, pay to win scheme becomes more evident.  Events are hit or miss.  RNG pulls are bad, you get trash units even on a rainbow crystal.  Overall a good game.  With more rewarding content and better game events, would be great.
Issue report..  You said that Cupid's Sandals can only be found at the Beginning  of the Dungeon, right? Sorry but, I've searched everywhere and nothing came up except Elven Bow that I have obtained at that point. Please, fix this just for your dearest players. Thank you.
I like this game except when it comes to competing with the jelly queens. I can't see how it's a fair game when the jelly queen gets 3 to 5 moves against my 1 and sometimes 2 moves. It should be 100% equal, move for move. Just a ploy to get people to spend money on this game.
The game is developed really well the only downside is that the regenerate times for lives seems too long and occasional adds is very very annoying like please just remove the ads and the connect to Facebook part of the app is dumb too. I don't want to connect to Facebook yet it repeatedly tryst to get me to is bad
HUGELY irritating, that on many of the levels you are powerless, because of a COMPLETELY RETARDED AI!!!! Carl doesn't work!  I agree with the others that some levels are too hard. 43 is impossible without boosters. The endgame in your other games is "get lucky or fail". This one just goes for your throat immediately. Neither are fun in the long run. I very rarely feel like I can make a good move, or think up a chain of moves by being clever. The game is so rigid, that it feels like it is deliberately sending you crap that doesn't yield possible matches.
Love everything but you get used to moving so fast when you play the jelly queen its aggravating waiting....i know...petty... But i love all this one the most and think its excellent except when i have to play the jelly queen i usually put the game down more. I only play to try to get it over with
Great ideas with the watering the flower for special candies and with the collection of stars... If it didn't keep crashing so having to start from the beginning of the cycle AGAIN and randomly deciding when it wants to collect the stars. It's so frustrating.
I like this game, but am very disappointed..for whatever reason the special pieces are NOT doing their jobs anymore.  I connect a fish with a stripe candy to win a level.  I get a striped fish that goes where I don't need and a plain fish separates and goes where the striped fish should have.  You NEVER get 2 different type of fish for combining those 2 pieces, NEVER.  Cheating players at its finest.  There are several other moves that work differently since this last update.  😠
I like the game, but it keeps freezing on my galaxy s7 in the head to head. The opponent tries to match before the candies finish falling and it freezes everytime. Poor coding. Edit: it sucks when are given 72 hours or whatever to progress levels to unlock treasure chests, then open the game an hour later to find out they are gone. I really like this game, but cant help but feel like i shouldn't due to issues popping up all the time.  (Galaxy s7)
Evry time I open this game I simply loose life coz it stops in between. I have to restart the game again same thing happens. It's a waste of time and memory
This game is great! I'd recommend it to anyone... Until today... When I opened the app and my account was deleted.... All of it... All of my amazing cards that took so many tries to get.... Ontop of 50 plus dollars down the drain... I'm never playing this game ever again.
Good but I think Dokkan Battle can be improve a little bit more. For example an update should be senting characters and things some other players might want to give instead of keeping them. Finally the players can give as many stuff and characters and please
So good☺ I really hope everyone would rate if this way! Great Characters, (obviously, dragon8 ball z) great soundtrack, great graphics great great all around! Best mobile game ever!!!!!!   New edit: I LOST ALL MY PROGRESS. I'VE SPENT A LOT OF TIME AND MONEY. THE TRANSFER I'D DOESN'T WORK. HELP.
The game is Good and all but you should really add a trading system to trade with players. For example offers like one goku for  one vagita (sorry for misspelled words) or 30,000,000 zeni for 50 Dragon stones or 15 stones for one vegiteo but Thx for a fun game hope for more in the next update.
I literally just downloaded tonight, just tried to do the first mission after the tutorial stuff, and I got some kind of template error. It gets to the point of choosing difficulty, then that error pops up right after I pick the difficulty. I tapped retry multiple times, and exited completely out. Still doing it. Once I'm able to play more, I'll give a better rating.
I started this game pretty much when it first came out, and I loved it then hated it for a long time, the drop rates were terrible! But it has made up for this, now I have one of the best teams I can ever ask for, give it a shot! Word of advice, if you're just starting, try to get a solid team first, then save your stones for a good banner to get the dokkan exclusives, you won't get far in the game without them
Very addictive and fun, I loved it. Sometimes there is loading problems but the customer support is awesome and they'll tell you how to fix it!  I have issues with the..posting of comments on chats and pm to people. It'll just stop writing even when I type, the words just wont show up on the screen. Also the app fails atleast 5 times a day, idk if this is google play or plarium.
I like the game except the fact that the top clans run rough shod over the rest of the smaller clans. There are no consequences for the bigger clans which eventually is a game killer and will make people quit! Consequently there are a bunch of inactive players due to that issue. Also there needs to be more instruction after the initial set up.
Almost 3 days I've been locked out of my account. I immediately emailed the game. They responded once, I did as they ask, and haven't gotten back another response. Between my bf and i, we have spent over 2k dollars. Why am I having a hard time getting my account back?
The game is allways a pop up ad in underworld football manager. It looked good so thought i would try it. I got a new LGG5 phone and good wifi yet this game wont load past 90% even with the update. For that you get 1 star. Maybe i will change when i can actuallt play the game.
Terrible game.  Portrait-mode only games are for old developers. Hire some younger people. Didnt even give this game a chance because of that. Installed, started it up, realized it starts in portrait and not landscape, uninstalled. And no, I will not be sending an email in response to a generic message. There is nothing you can do to sway me
You need more maintenance. Every weekend event I have issues with game. It has not a damned thing to do with my phone and that is why I will continue this reviews till you developers see that there is not enough maintenance happening to game. Contact support..Why they continue to blame my phone but never listen to the problem. Monday through Wednesday I have no issues. Event gets announced and I start having issues. Don't tell me to go to support because they don't do anything to fix the problem. Refund my money.
Same platform as GOW and Invasion and I'm sure many others.  When you contact their customer service with suggestions or requests for help they send you a big screw you reply.  Basically they know all and won't listen to anything you have to say.
The connection is horrendous Via cellphone -replay- that didn't help at all that response was as dum as did you turn on your phone. And it's during all connections and reinstalling doesn't help also it works every time with a computer it's only phones it messes up so that second response didn't help eather it's your app with phones only fix the coding it's on your end not mine this is the only game that does this fix your coding instead of making excuses and turning it on me
This game has constant issues. The customer support is the worst I've ever come across. There is bad lag. It is impossible to compete unless you spend lots of money. & Even after you spend months building up your armies, sometimes you get locked out & cant access your account & everything is lost. Customer support doesnt care or try to resolve any of these questions. All they do is send generic responses & sometimes the responses dont even have anything to do with your issues. Horrible, worst customer support I have ever seen. All they care about is players spending more money & dont ever try to fix anything.
best game ever I don't spend money on this game and I have some mean hero's and a awesome village. but definitely takes up alot of time getting there haha
Better than clash of clans. It's a great game with more staying power than most of it's genre. The controls are friendly and it has a good leveling system the critique I have is it should have more explanation as to the currencys
Help me please ....no matter how much gem I have or roll so many times I just cannot receive any new heroes getting the same old legendary heroes I had from early last year ....kmt help I really love this game but not able to get any new heroes ...it sucks ...!!!
Out if all the colors under the rainbow you choose white walls my base looks invisible. It now has no life or color to it.
Great game people say this is a rip off but I think it is so much better than all the other games as it has added things that aren't in any other game, and that's what I love about it
Ty IGG in this update i rolled 3 150 gems and then got 2 legendary heroes Grimfiend and Dracax but i wish it was a Pumkin Duke im a F2P player tnx IGG
I really love this game but sometime I get really frustrated with gem rolls as I didn't get any good legendary or no legendary at all and collecting enough gems for rolling takes a long time as I'm a f2p player so pls improve the odds of getting legendary hero as well as getting essential hero that r must to compete in cc diff-diff game play (like goul for lava , pd etc) and please we f2p also want the dragoñs so can you do something about that
This game is gambling game it is not true it gives enough gems everyday and you dont need to spend money for gems just play everyday and you'll get gems every day or maybe your jelous we've played this game for a long time and you dont want any game to reach higher player downloads because of clash of clans and clash royale you download this game if you've played this game you'll be happy if you get a legendary heroes tell me if i'm wrong
I've rolled 18 elite heroes and have yet to get a legendary hero. The only way for me to get the new let heroes is to get the leg card from playing for 30 days straight or spending irl money. I've gotten the summon random leg card 4 different times from signing in and I have yet to actually get a new hero from rolling gems
Better then the first.  The chests on the run arnt always asessable making it difficult to complete some tasks otherwise I love this game play it during my breaks at work
No treasure boxes no reply from the temple run 2 studios,I purchased blazing sands with 500 gems If it is locked again I will uninstall the app no sky summit charms
The big complaint I have is, like others, I lost all my coins and progress. Two million coins vanished, 200+ gems and levels; also, I have to keep updating it to continue playing the daily, weekly and global challenges. Why?
My review would have been a perfect 5 had it not been for the latest update. It is still forcing me to pay 500 gems to unlock Blazing Sands. Wasn't Blazing Sands a part of the Valentine's update?
Way to addictive. Only thing I don't like is some stuff absolutely has to be bought with money or else you can't use it, like you can't use the bolt ability unless you but Usain Bolt for 99 cents.
I am playing Blazing Sands. I feel like I should have the opportunity to turn around and beat the crap out of what's chasing me. Can there be a special section for that? I don't have to win. I just want the opportunity to fight for myself.
This game is very addicting if you have any problems learn to take a picture of your total winnings before calling the company they are very good about responding
Love it very addicting would like to see bigger bonuses and coins right away tho but I love it I wouldn't stop playing
Here we go again. For hours I have been trying to claim my bonus. It's not there when I attempt to.
Good game to pass time but run out of credit to soon and have to Waite for the bonus more credit  and better wins please 🙌👍 why does it keep crashing all the time when I watch a video quite annoying might uninstall 😣 I was collecting my ribbons I collected on 2 world's and started on silver on the first and second world and now they have disappeared from my game so not happy as I used all my credit to collect them would like them back please and my good witch and bad witch has gone as well what's happening to the game I enjoyed playing these challenges so not happy at all 😣😣🙅
Very DECEIVING AND DISAPPOINTING Zynga!! The Pay Out For Completed Rainbow Collection Is Not Registering Or Being Paid Out!!! IT'S AWFULLY SAD THAT I AM UNABLE TO REACH YOUR SUPPORT CENTER!!!😠😠😠😠😠😈😭 Now When You Complete The Mastery Challenges Or Collections You Don't Get Your Rewards Either WHAT THE HECK IS WRONG WITH YOUR PROGRAMMER'S!! I WILL NEVER PUT ANOTHER DIME INTO A ZYNGA GAME!! THEY SCAM YOU!!!
I love the game...Keep this game going!....needs to pay out more coins!...But I love this game...I play everyday!!!!. I enjoy playing even when I'm loosing..GREATEST GAME EVER... :)
This game is so fun. It really helps pass the time in boring situations
We can use timeout in tight situations like 3 seconds left rather than running the whole court just to have that game winning shot. Also include some freethrows and fouls. Freethrows are only available to AI.
I love this game! the controls needs a little more improvement especially the directional buttons. also if you can include in the game, can the auction-my bids tab have an option to sort by time left? its hard keeping track when you are outbid on the longer time. I think it's more easier to keep track your bids based on time left because you can wait for the time slot of other bids. thanks!
At a glance, good game. @google @googleplaystore the requirement for your monopoly to have access and use of the camera, microphone, body sensors, requires my sincerest f u for taking the playing of a game to national security monitor. It's one thing if it's the feds, spooks, NSA etc. But it's not. Your not. Even with all your resources, $, info, it's Never enough huh? What I thought
Make A Draft So We Cannot Get Elite Players In Packs and Sets Only And It Cost 10000 Coins.. Please Reply To Me.. I Love Your Game just Make please a draft like in nba2k17 in ps4
Hey EA can you fix my Karl-Anthony Towns Christmas player because its overall is too low I scored 40 or more points with him why is he only 85 pls fix it and I will rate this 5 staes
I hate the randomness!!!! I have spent a lot of money on packs to get terrible players whereas my friend gets elite players from the pro pack whereas if I get the pro pack I only get gold. I bought 10 packs with 60 players in them.... The packs say elite or gold players!!!! I got one elite player and 59 gold players!!!!!! Not spending 1 more dollar on it cuz it is meaningless... People who spend real money should have an advantage (same as in everything else) I just don't get how I can pay 50 dollars for 1 elite player and others get elite playera from pro packs randomly
Recent update causes the game to freeze up after you finish each level.  Great game but until this is fixed no point in playing it.
I'm pissed! I spent alot of money getting where I was! I also paid the 9.99 to get the 70 free coins a day for 30 days. Then it won't let me play without UPDATING! Now it took everything I had away, and started me over! It's bullshit! I wont spend another .99 on this game! They rip you off!! Ya shouldn't have to UPDATE until your ready to!!!
Game will not open at all. Message telling me to go to play store uninstall then reinstall game. I have been playing this game a long time and will lose all progress if I uninstall. THANKS ROVIO did as instructed removed game reinstalled it back to level 1. Did first level level 2 crashed my pad switched off then restarted nothing new there. I will be uninstalling this game from my Samsung  seems the game doesn't like it. Fed up with updates that do not work and ROVIO paying no attention to any reviews
Went from being a cool puzzle platformer that only made you watch ads for a new bird in case you used them all to another one of those games that pop an ad on you to forcefully watch ever round of after, uninstalling but hopefully one day it will go back to how it was so the star rating can to as well as me playing it again.
Crashes every time I go back to the main menu, expect better from angry birds. Asking me to watch ad's for extra lives or goodies is FINE, but forcing me to at random between lvls is BS.
Would have given 5 stars,  but it keeps bugging me to connect with Facebook. I refuse to spam my friends with game ads.
One star till daily challenge bug is fixed. Possibly caused because I was partly through the daily challenge before I updated?? Fix that and I'll bump it up to 5... At least until I have another cry baby complaint
Awesome game. Obviously a lot of time and effort were put into a game that looks and plays as good as this one does. I think they found a happy medium as far as being able to keep up with the pay as you play world of mobile gaming, while still offering a great experience for people who choose to play a completely free game. Great job.
I would love it if this app would alow me to send chips to everyone in my friends list all at the same time instead of one at a time. It takes me quite a while. Also if there was a way to see how many people were playing, both overall & per table stakes, that would be great too. I sometimes end up at an empty table when I join a game, but im not sure if it's because all tables are full or if no one is playing. - Thanks
its a fast paced game graphics don't matter or controls sorry if I put that but that's how I review love the game keep it up.
The Best Game in the World that you should get! Can you make more room in the Beta Program because it's full right now THANKS!
I like the game a lot. However, at one point, I tried to get a free revive after crashing, and the app closed down
FunThis game is awsome! And very intertaining when you have nothing to do. This game is fun but can be alittle two vilent for yonger kids
I have been playing Panda Pop for a little over a year now. I love this game so much and I am totally addicted to it. I introduced my daughter to it and she's addicted to it also. Some games I have gotten tired of and uninstalled them, but not Panda Pop; loving it!
Fun game (not that the lives last long if you're on a tough board. Unfortunately, the pop ups when you load the game are irritating. EVERY TO ME. No I don't want to invite friends. No, l don't want to buy tokens. No, I don't care about the costumes. No, I'm not playing this game any more.
The game keeps freezing up and they aren't doing anything about it. I have had Uninstall and reinstall 3 times now. I have over 80 coins missing and they are saying it's because of purchases I made when I only made one. Customer service SUCKS!
I purchased the money tree early December and lost it around the 11th. Requested it be restored to no avail.  It seems you get us hooked and you essentially use it treat us a little skunky.  Why is it we can get back to the correct level but lose our boosters? Please restore or refund. That includes all lives I would have gotten. I see many are having this same issue. I have spent too much money to just delete.  But, maybe all of us upset should uninstall. Save us much money.  On 2/3 I purchased a new phone and lost my 15 aim boosters.  Please restore.  Hope it gets taken care of this time.
You should get more rewards is the game. It cheats you when your playing a hard one. Don't put out the colors of balls you need. I know that they want you to buy coins and I did but I didn't get my 30 days. It just would be better on a few more coins and gifts. The game is a great game, but this would make it much better to have or to win coins and gifts. I know you do but not enough to make a jump. Thanks
I hate that it erases all of you coins and power ups when you uninstall or switch to a new device. People spend money on the game for those.  Not to mention the rewards for challenges.......  7 dragon balls. All gone.
This is the game I go to great fun. The sniper pvp kicks ass, even though I'm not that good
sometimes laggy, not bad though. a bit pushy for your real world money...
Great game. Nice graphics and addictive in nature. The only thing I don't like is the bucks, gold and medal requirements. Make it easier for fun.
Really like the new updates..except theirs a major glitch when collecting rewards from alliance events you will either receive tooooo much money or become negative billions of dollars.. please fix stallionstyle is in the top 25 on leaderboard...its really upsetting to veteran players..please fix...thank you...The_Cleaner.....bugz r fixed.............
I was in pvp and located target instantly. Upon zooming in for head shot player vanished and respawned elsewhere. What the fu×× happened.
Good game but ain't fair between freeplay and VIP'S. in  my Alliance players who don't buy gold get the same as VIP 7 or better special.
Shuts down and freezes up alot. And only can play pvp event with mobile data. Sniper event doesnt work on wi-fi
I can't play on my tablet. It loads and will take me to a mission then restart the whole game.
Wtf are u kidding me you shoot someone in the head and they don't die.😠
After the recent update the game has  a lot of glitches and it freezes whenever I try to start a battle. Wish developers would live by the,  "if it ain't broke,  don't fix it" motto,  but they don't.
Im facing a problem of connection lost plz try again from past one week.i cant play the game. And lost more than 20 victory points nd resources also.. plz suggest me what i have to do now.. clear this issue soon
The updates are good. VP reward system is nice addition, I hope it will tackle the unfair matchmaking. Though there are no significant graphic update as mentioned in the post. Also, please reduce the troop training period!!! 😭 I often forget whom to attack after troop has been trained since it take so long ....
Fun in the beginning and then you learn it was designed not to attack your neighbors. If you do, the genius matchmaking system will match you with impossible to beat neighbors. To make that worse, it appears to take years to upgrade your island to max levels so you can play the main part of the game.
I love clash of clans so I figured I would try boom beach....uninstalled due to the fact that you have to pay 3.99 A MONTH to RENT a 2nd builder. Where as in Clash of clans you can slowly but surely collect gems to buy another builder hut. 1/5 stars...... Could be a 5/5 star game if it wasnt for that.
I love this game! Super addictive. I'd say the only downside is that I have spent money to get more chips and coins. So make it cheaper or better yet make it FREE! I'll go play my bingo now. :-)
Bingo Bash best Bingo out there!  They are Awesome at reimbursing and fixing problems..save a couple days free chips and Bash On! Im up to 54 last year now 74 chips a day. Love the free Powerplay weekends Awesome..Tx BB
My favorite game bye far just need more free chips, maybe not make the game plays and getting trophies so long to where we have to wait so long to get a prize or free chips. I've spent money on this game and Candy Crush, and have no regrets at all. Just wish we could get more chips....
I would give it five stars but i feel like you dont get enough bingo chips also i always get errors when trying to watch the video to get more chips i would pay more often if i could because i love the game but i never have  enough chips so i suggest less time between allowing free chips like every three hours or somthing, love it tho keep up the great work
Not enough chips. I'm not about to buy them either that's the dumbest thing. Smh it's not like I'm winning cash back. Also the constant not winning part sucks. Good graphics that's all ya'll got going for you. Game is getting uninstalled!
Like playing it! some times i lose bingo chips to play with, and i dont know were they went. So giving this game another try. Having a different email might help now who knows.
The "bingo" at the top of my playing card, along with the bingo at the bottom on the card that you call bingo with went missing. I was unable to call bingo when i got my bingo! If you have an email i can email you the screen shot of this! I feel like i should get my bingo chips i should have received if was able to call my bingo!
Need different ways to get more chips, it's getting close to boring. Very few bingo's and not enough ways to get chips. Too long of a wait to get daily bonuses. I enjoy playing Bingo Bash but bingo's are to far and few in-between, and free chips are the same.
The last update i can't login im always get network failure report
I am unable to login.  My Base is in state156
Addictive game, playing with friends online and making new friends... The chalaenges make me play more
Please don't bother installing this game.. You end up spending alot of money to get stronger, then they will move you,  loose your account & not care about retrieving it, making you start all over again 😡  DON'T DO IT!!!!!!!!
Not work  am open but 😂
I hate this game  Time loss
My game won't load anymore
This is a great slot game. Iwas addicted from the first time I played. I love the fact that the daily missions give you extra $ and that every hour you can also get more. 5 stars from me
Very fun game. One of the few where you can play off line. Very generous with coins. Can get them hourly. Would have given it a 5, but I was bribed 10 million coins. Of coarse I took it. 😆
Some major coding going on here. Thank you! The graphics are fabulous. The payouts get Crazy! I love the muzak! Thank you!i!😁 Since they "tightened" it up, I've lost billions and now have been stuck on level 100 for 3 weeks. Getting weary of it.
Typical pay to win game. Get the first few games fast and exciting, but the goals for the mid range games are absurd. Not realistic for hourly bonus amounts. I spent 20 dollars and still can't make a dent. Stay away unless you bring your credit card
Lots of fun, but some challenges are way too difficult. Level 115 is where I'm at. Win 30 billion with nothing. Time to put it down.     Need more wilds during bonus/free spins. The slots don't pay well enough or often enough.
This is the best game period that I have ever played regardless of category....the graphics....the choice of music.... the speed of play....the bonus features.... the variety of slots make this a game that cannot be missed by anyone that enjoys a diversion from all the inferior games...
paid for vip twice got 1 lot and told take it up with your bank ..4days later still no reply  to my next lot of  questions and no second months vip .. obviously money is more important than happy players.. i will not waste another penny or another minute on this crap not impressed... oh being told i only paid once when you lot agreed i paid twice is an insult allie ... so my paypal activity list  isnt enough proof ? might as well call me a liar. it states clearly i paid twice ... you want a better rating? fix it....now allie is arguing over 14 .99 but vip is 2.99 ..there is no 14.99 in either of my paypal pics..never paid 14.99 at all so how can i get a pic of it ? and it takes days to get a reply NOT HAPPY NOT IMPRESSED NOT SPENDING ANOTHER PENNY BEING FOBBED OFF ...
Let's you win a lot. But then slowly it starts taking it all back to make y I u buy more. Rip off.
Absofrigginlutely love this game. I'm hooked can't wait for even more new fruits and veggies and things to make ( suggest avocados = guacamole/salads pineapples =cakes / fritters/ drinks coconuts = drinks/ cream/milk/cakes/biscuits different meat steak/grilled fish with lemon / sausages) having new things to do is exciting also would love a tool shed hard to collect enough upgrade stuff at high levels but cant thank you enough for a fantastic fun game 🐮🐴🐖🐄
Used to have it when I was younger and now have found it again but with a different name!! So happy and amazing game. Only thing I would say is to shorten the time of everything by half maybe so that people can stay playing and doing stuff on it whilst waiting instead of planting, going off to play another game, then come to collect it after because between that time were playing like 30mins of a different game and spending 2mins now and then just planting and harvesting
Supercell made hay day perfect. Players really can't be mean to each other and the only option is helping each other. There are no pathetic 12-year old kids trying to be cool like in the clash games. Satisfying graphics and gameplay. It feels good to see your farm come together.
I am a leader in my neighborhood. We have 30 neighbors. We do have an awesome group of neighbors and I am privileged to be able to be able to get to play with each of them. I do not want to lose any neighborhood team member. However, sometimes real life can interfere with the time we can spend on the game. Several of the neighbors have pleaded with others in our neighbors who do not take part in the Derby to please opt out; and has been unsuccessful. Therefore, I think that the leader should have the ability to opt out the neighbors who do not participate in the neighborhood Derby.
I really like this game as you can take inspiration from other farmers and earn different items by leveling up. The only thing that I don't like is the way it constantly asks me to log into Google play whenever I go to read the ads in the news paper or put something for sale in the market.
I seriously LOVE this game!!! I played it all of the time for about a year then I had to take a break because it's such an addictive game. It didn't take me long before I went back to it though. Now I've even recruited my real-life neighbors and some of my other friends to play the game too. So much fun! Also, one of the only games where I don't even mind spending real money because I love supporting the developers of such an awesome game! 😆🖒❤💖
Why oh why do you keep giving us sectionals and beds as prizes but never any challenges to use  them give me something I can actually use!!! Also it says my results are in but I do not get them until hours later also stop saying things are to large for an area when they are actually not you are just forcing us to purchase something else and most horrible thing about this game why are we not allowed to keep items we have purchased in our inventory we can only use them five times that is completely absurd!!! We do not even get to keep our prizes that we earned for leveling up!!! At least make those prizes unlimited for Christ sake we earned it!!!!
Fun game! It would be nicer if some of the prizes won could actually be used in some of the designs, like the sectional couches, I have tons of sectionals won as prizes but have only had maybe 2 challenges where you can actually use them. I wish there was another way to earn more money instead of having to buy it. It would also be nice if we could keep the furniture we buy instead of only getting a few of them and then they are gone.
Game has great graphics. I play on my tablet more often than my phone because it makes a big difference in the way things look in the room design. I changed my rating because the app shuts down. Uninstalled then reinstalled and still the same..Love the app.. I have spent quite a bit of my own money and I'm disappointed. I love a challenge, but when you spend your own money for things in an app your suppose to get the things you purchase...This app needs some tweaking to give out more options in the game. Allowing us to earn more for designing a room...Not to mention giving us per say additional bonus rooms added to the others to earn more...If you want people to spend their money and they will if you make a few simple adjustments..This way we are happy and you still make money...
Game is super fun, but why do my owned items run out? You have to buy more keys to enter contests to win the equivalent of pocket change, so why do we have to keep re-buying the same furniture? The graphics and the concept are nice and its easy to use. Reminds me of covet fashion.
I really love this, and enjoy playing it. I would have given it 5 stars all around but it keeps closing in the middle of gameplay. Luckily it saves what I have purchased already. Another minor complaint is that I think you should win more money for each completed room. Everything is expensive and winning only $500 per game makes it hard to advance your inventory. I understand you want people to actually purchase from your app, but some of us would like to opportunity to make it.
It's a lot of fun to play,  however is frustrating when items from your inventory disappear after you've used then 5 times.  Makes it very hard to complete the challenges without "buying" more items,  eventually running out of "cash" because the ones you do complete don't pay enough reward. Unless you want to use real money,  it's almost impossible to continue after playing after a handful of challenges.  Too bad,  I really enjoyed it
My sister and play this game together. We have friendly competions when there are events. So why is it that she has had the firecracker event for the past 2 days, and i have had no events. And then today i log in and its the choo choo challenge?! We are both on android phones. Whats with that??
My game crashes a lot and  when you purchase play gold with bonuses, it does not give you the bonus and it starts the game over.
I have been stuck on level 669 for over 6 weeks. The game has lost its appeal for me.
Just updated and it has crashed 6 times since in a master of just a few minutes. Loads slow as well. Not happy since this is one of two games I play.
This my favorite game and this game everything is good but my one request road block time is so long.3days is too much time,road block time 1day is perfect.pls do something and my request is accept.
Was on level 800 it froze and now I'm back to level 1. Soooo annoyed! Where's the uninstall button at!😡
Still enjoying game but no longer receiving daily free gifts and never received quest feature, 😫😫😥 On level 1043, levels all difficult now😢😣😂. Completed Rancid with 4 moves remaining but barrier still blocked😫😓. Don't enjoy Treasure Mill feature...Still playing everyday, now received Quest feature but no creature levels on level 1156.
I love it but some time the music can be annoying
Your game still totally stinks. No numbers no bingos no items no nothing. Wow you need to fix this game badly. That's why I won't buy credits because this game isn't worth the money to play. Playing thirty games and get nothing is stupid and dumb. Computer players take all the bingos. Really bb lighten up and let people win and finish the rooms. This used to be a great game. Not no more. Bb is nothing but cheating game app. Best ripoff game on playstore. Need to be kicked off of playstore.
WARNING!!! : Suuuuper addictive! :) I love bingo in general and this is, by far, the best and most fun bingo app I have come across. Since I installed Bingo Blitz, I have lost track of time a countless amount of times. It's currently 4am and I am exhausted from my full time job but I love this game!!! @ 5***** stars!!!!!
Awful.. just awful. The game crashed about minute after opening it for the first time. Then, after reloading it, the game screen wasnt right and the bottom of the screen wasnt visible - meaning you couldnt press 'bingo' button for the bottom two cards..  UNINSTALLED
This game is really pissing me off..it doesn't want to load up or freezes.  Today I log in and it takes away over 1700 BB and I lose over 2000 coins..I would like them back please.
When I first installed it ran fine and I was loving it couldn't stop playing it and when I went back to go play it hours. Later it won't even load up something about. Your sight. Not working. Come on fix it already. Thank you  bathroom when I came back out to come play it and it won't load anymore
One of my favorite bingo games online. I enjoy the variety and think there should be MUCH MORE FREEBIE TOKENS/COINS. My only complaint is that it is easily disconnected many times for no particular reason, ie: web traffic, weather, just because...
I think it is unfair when 4 balls were called and someone already had a bingo. Sometimes even fewer balls are called and people are getting bingos. I don't think it's right, it's like this game is rigged. I'll give better stars if it's ever fixed.
O my,,game is so very fun and challenging. Sometimes it's  hard to bingo (SHADOW CARDS).Which make it an even fun and challenging game. Accident r barely touch the bingo button/bad bingo is called, card lost. I hate that part. (Lol) Bingo cards r entirely 2 high per card. My personal opinion.  Fun game & its free, purchase is available. Lots of Kool bonuses... Overall Great slots.
I love this game. It would be 5 stars once u fix refund bb credits whenever I lose connection. Sometimes it refunds it back but not all the time. I've lost heaps of bb credits due to above & I am not happy! Other than that I love this game
Like the game, but every spin gets tripped , not winning much , spent $100.00 in one day and no pay offs
Love this slot! Wish the bonus features hit more often and the lobby bonus was higher but the free gifts from friends is awesome. I play this slot almost daily!!!
You I can't play them won't let me you give me my bonus an that but the game turns off WHY
Doesn't seem to hit bonus very often and payback berry low. Eats up coins too fast to really enjoy this game
Games n bonus want  download i uninstall it n stall it bck still dnt wrk love the game
Big wins, great support! Recommend! Download now for Hugh wins! LOVEEEEEEEEE IT! :) It's d bestest! :) ♡
This gacha game proports to he f2p, but you must spend vast quantities of monies to have a chance to be competitive. Their odds are horrible and is nothing short of a robbery. Keep your money and play a different  game like ffrk, whose customer service is far better and more responsive than ffbe.
Been playing for a few months now, and I have to say, the gacha system should be changed to gotcha system, because the rates are terrible. Why do I keep getting 3 star base units from rainbow crystals? Until they change this aspect of the game, I'm not changing my rating.
Great game good fun and great at passing time. I have never spent any money on the game because the packs are overpriced for what they give. I have got extremely lucky with summons and have a formidable team but the the rate to summon a 5 star base unit is to low. First rainbow I got in weeks is ramza who is trash in comparison to my other units
The game is fun, really fun. The story and game play is what keeping me in... . So far, the biggest issue I have is frequent game crashes. The app crush every few minutes, forcing me to restart at certain places. Because of that, my best rate is 3 out of 5 stars, if they can get that fix. Where the app crash less, I will rate it 5 stars.
Nice game to have when you are boring. Not to mention all the events up until now.  Splendid!  But one thing though,  I think the trust master reward is seriously way too hard to achieve.  Other than that,  a 5 star for everything
Love this game. The power creep gets pretty intense late game. Limited gear options make it very difficult to beat any bosses. This often causes me to miss out on good event rewards. Most of the time I have to rely on a powerful friend ally to beat event bosses and such. Great game besides that.
Event addition is excellent, keeping the game fresh at most times -- regular addition of new characters is also very good. The only downside of this game is the rediculously bad connection issues and navigation within the app...Would be 5 stars for sure if it got fixed
Great game. I love almost everything about it. I'd five star it if it weren't for not transferring data between device when it's linked to your Google play account. It's really really annoying and I don't want to link it to facebook. Just let me transfer my game data with Google play like most other games.
FFBE feels like an old classic. This game brings back so much of the old  it feels new again. A refreshing tale of mystery, adventure and some light humour. Hard to get away from the rng in this game when they're constantly adding crossover  surprises like secret of mana. Thank you SE.
This game is fun and has great variety. But there is alot of glitches..and level 305 doesnt even match up to what google shows how to pass it. It show 2 monklings but in game it has 3.
Can no longer use -  latest updates made the app inoperable on my Android tablet. Too bad
i love  it sooo far it's keeping me wanting to play right now not too far off the actual first game so you know most moves or how to make certain things to get a better score :-)
I love this game. My only issue is that if you hit a booster at the bottom of the screen by accident, you cannot get out of it.  I end up accidentally using most of them. This is not a huge issue, just something that aggravates me.
Why have all the fish as rewards, and when you choose them to start a game and they swim/fly, they do NOTHING. So What is the point? Do they even answer to the problems???
Really liked it so I downloaded it on another device. When I logged in with FB my profile and progress were unavailable. Un/reinstall & nothing😫😔😟😞
I love this game but it just glitched out on me saying that i had no more moves and i dis have more moves. Im not happy about this i just lost a life cause of it. You all nees to fix this cause i dont want to delete it but i will
Dont bother with this one. AI is total crap. You have no control over what happens... Absolutely pathetic game.. go for candy crush soda saga.. a million times better than this piece of crap
I love the game. Gettin some good characters. The only drawback i can think of is that just recently went into maintenance twice in one day and couldnt log on so i lost my consecutive log on day gifts. Now im at 3 days consec.
Every single damn time I have to download an update it constantly says download failed!!!!  Even though I have full reception on my network and full on wi fi.  Everytime I feel like uninstalling it!!  Luckily the game play is otherwise it would be gone
It's great at first but does slow down a lot as the action gets old. Great support by dev as they constantly update. No purchases needed to advance or get decent characters.  They are by far the most giving developers out there by far in my experience. Free stones constantly along with new events. Sales going every other week. Rare to find a developer who doesn't want to retire as billionaires after 1 app
It was great until the update ..but now all I get is connection errors. .download failed. .now I can't play. .which sucks now ..I was Rank Lv 44 . I've spent 3 days trying to finish the download. Tired of trying .  Sorry. . But can't play it anymore so I quit m.Very sad and disappointed.
I just need this to get attention. Love the game, but now, when I try to play any of the events or quests, I get an error message, something about "Failed Team Formation," and, "There was an error processing your request. Try again later, or try changing characters." And I'm not playing any of the maps that require a specific team/character. Help??
Fun time killer. The dragon stones in shop are stupidly over priced. I would actualy buy them if there was some sort of value like 45$ for 100.
I would have given 5 stars all the way around but there is a problem. Every time new content needs to be downloaded I always get a error message. It kicks me back to title. Had the same problems for 4 days now.
Great game,  You will need to invest some money and learn to play but at that point it becomes fun attacking everyone. There are some people that can be jerks but you can grow and burn them. There are occasional updates that mess up the game but other than that bravo Plarium!
WARNING IF YOU VALUE YOUR MONEY DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME!! HAS WAY TOO MANY GLITCHES AND PLARIUM DOESN'T BACK THEIR PRODUCT! YOU WILL JUST BE OUT OF YOUR MONEY WHEN IT GLITCHES AND LOSSES YOUR GAME. SINCERELY NO LONGER A CUSTOMER. I'm tired of dealing with support, either refund my money, give me enough in game credit to replace the army I lost when your game decided to erase my account for no reason or I'm finished with your games. I will also continue to let everyone know how you don't back your products.
Nice game, just need more animations of the battles.  Very poor on that. I just put 1 star less since has passed lot of time and still battles has not any animation. updated at least do animation replays of the battles
Been playing for a while now. After you get so far donating to actually get anywhere is almost a must. I would rate even better if the donating part wasnt a must for this game. Achieving things the right way is best but the in game cost for resources makes it almost impossible unless you donate or have people to trust to help with holding resources while protected from war.
Packs of any real help are far too and not paying for packs means a raping in the game. The Kingdom I am in is dead because of it. Plz respond.
Terrible customer service. Updates are not tested prior to release. Unresolved bugs remain in the game with no fixes forthcoming. This is just an attempt by Plarium to grab as much money from its players as it can with no consideration to how the player base feels about the game. Avoid before you get hooked.
It was a great game but this kingdom thing is crap you have people with huge points going after weak players and i know 15 people who have quit because of it. Not the best idea
First off I really do enjoy the game. Game does have a few issues of loading of different screens  (specifically when marches are started). Secondly, I  have gotten a new device and have a problem restoring account to new device from saved Google play account sync. I followed all instructions but after hitting the restore and selecting Google play account. I get a an attention banner that says Authorization failed. Service temporarily unavailable. Since I do not have a Facebook account Google is only option
Customer support is extremely lacking! I have had two separate occassions where the game server has caused me to lose troops i paid REAl money for, and when plarium is contacted, they reply once seeming concerned. However, after that initial response (which is usually 1-2 weeks later) you never hear from them again. Fix your customer support and i will change my rating.
the walls now are really cool, just wanted to say that the animation team did a great job on those flames!
THIS GAME IS AWESOME. I HAVE BEEN PLAYING FOR 3 MONTHS AND IM RANKED 422 IN THE WORLD. AWESOME GAME.
Good improvements. Building upgrade times are far too long when it comes to high levels. This makes it very difficult to proceed.
I have been playing this game for about 3 years (Including this year) and the game is the best strategy game I have ever played. The heroes you roll from gems are RnG based I got 4 Pumpkin Dukes out of 16 Gem Rolls, a Santa Boom and a Treantaur. I only got one Cupid in all my time playing this game and got my first Skull Knight a few days ago. Game is really fun, can't wait for more updates!
If you spend money, you will get new epic heroes!  If you dont have money to spend,sorry same and same heroes all the time!
I think its a really good game and u need to when u raided get might if u could add that :)
The detail and rpg isn't monotonous. I've had to delete other games. They just did not do it for me.
The game is great bur getting those rare legendary heroes is too hard I rolled 1400 gems and got nothing gems are also so hard to get its quite annoying that the strong heroes are for those pay to win players it sucks for those free to play
Very entertaining game. Would give 5 * if gem roles gave a bit more legends though.
Removed from my phone. Appearently developers lack the ability to distinguish LEGAL and ILLEGAL. make games and stay out of politics you idiots.
Well its a good game when they play fair if ur not being pushed to stumble to get the monster or spinning the prize wheel and getting only 2 choices of prizes either the magnet or the shield  Overall it is a good game
Used to pay out win loose fun, now nothing think will delete soon
I've payed for quite a bit of these games(regretably). & I don't win! Everytime I play 750,000 credits I lose it all in 5mts or less! I have never gotten that bonus play either! I'm not paying anymore for these scratchers, it's not worth it! Not happy...
I went to go do my scratcher and when it was processing to start playing it glitched and rebooted and took my scratcher!   Um.. can u give it back plz..will rate higher if u can fix!
You Dont win real money. If anyone does tell me how n how to cash out. I hate false advertisement
I think the wizard of Oz game is a lot of fun. I think that the pay outs should be more frequent.
Why is my phone freezing when i try to watch my videos?! Ugh!
I loved playing the game... However for some strange reason I cant believe the game keeps freezing now lost millions !!! Bummer!! Now I can't even start it!!!! Have to uninstall it!!!
New upgrade is terrible, in the arena I'm now constantly pitted against people 35+ levels higher than me, it is clear that they now want you to have to pay money to get higher levels.
However, keep in mind that odds have been altered from "real poker" to, apparently make the game more "exciting". For example, if you flop 4 to a flush, the odds are supposed to be 35% to get the 5th card to complete the flush however, the actual odds (in this game) apparently been altered to something like 10% or so. Well below what it should be. There are many more examples of the same sort of altering, but it's not real money we're playing for, so no need to "freak out", just play it for what it's for.😉
Now it's much easier to control your betting.  No time lags either since I upgraded my phone. I Must play every day. The bonuses, and sometimes even the mega bonus, are skimpy, but this app is clean. And now it's much easier to collect chips from friends. you can collect from ALL your friends too... None of  that, "You've reached your daily limit" crap anymore!  Stats and gifts and friends make it a top-notch Texas Hold 'em app.
People with big banks should play with people similar or same size banks... no penalties for outrageous play.... for instance u enter a room with a 15 million dollar bank and buy in for 25,000 that person can keep going all In to a person who just started or has no bank. Once u have eliminated a person he should not be able to buy back to same table... and think abou5 having a cash game tourn. Winner extra points to2ards a bracelet
Only one thing, too many people just dont get the game. Would be more fun without the "all in" crowd. They just do it blindly and dont put any thought to the strategy of the game. I see high level players with no money. I like to be in games that make.you think and really play the game. Its not that i don't think going all in is not a necessity, but to be used as a part of the strategy. Dont worry I'm not a game complainer, but just want true card poker players.
I have never seen so many bad beats in my life. This game is 100 percent rigged for entertainment purposes. If there is an article saying otherwise it's a lie.  And the rigging of the game took all the fun out of it. When you play a tournament I strongly believe that there are hot seats and if you're not sitting in one...good luck winning. No matter what you do you'll lose. Rarely the other way around.  And don't get me started on Texas roulette. D-
One thing i have noticed is when the game calls for an update make srue u update. I played for a week straight didnt win one game,till i noticed i needed an update. Second this game is good,  but u have to play tournaments not the other bs. The tournament layout is good and thats all i ever play tonget rings only time i enter any other room is cause i need chips to enter in a tourny.
The only down fall is, the app allows people to play higher on lower skill sets. If you play on a low end table, there is some dork that purchased 1billion in chips to bully lower stakes player. If you have 100m to 1billion , you should only be allowed to play on higher stakes tables. It's no sweat to go all in, as you are a fake 100millionaire who purchased chips.  Or the app should only allow the minimum buy in for that 100millionaire to play lower stakes.
You take the Good with the Bad. All of these games have something. I Enjoy the tournaments, the layout of the game, & the fun ability to chat. I don't like that it at times plays in favor of a player whether in my favor or someone elses. Players should win or lose based on their ability to play. You shouldn't "assist" somebody in winning as a game. Especially being of WSOP. Layout is pretty comfy though and the tournaments can be a lot of fun.
I really do love playing this game and has had on it for a long time...this was the first time this bit it took my chips.. I'm at a high level and yesterday I was at 308,???,??? million and when I went in to play today it wad down to like 5 something k thousand... can someone please help with this... Also the free Christmas gifts u are giving me will not work... thanks, please help
Not a phone gamer at all, but this one really got me hooked.  My teenage son is absolutely surprised I stuck with a game this long (few months now).  Love the challenge!! The game is quite fun and really entertaining.  5 stars all the way!!!
This game used to be more fun.  They changed something where it makes me not want to play anymore. Some levels are really challenging, which I love, but when you only have one Panda left in the open and you still have 11 balls left and they refuse to give you the color you need,  it feels more like getting set up for failure. Or you get 5 balls that are completely useless.
Game is challenging without being to hard.  Biggest complaint is the functionality of prizes and such...  Don't spend real $ here and don't count on your prize ever arriving or working right.  Have had to jump through hoops with Customer Service and now just isn't worth it.  Don't want to have to tell them almost weekly with screen shots that their fame failed again.
Very addictive game! On level 843 but it's stuck. Momma panda not there, only the ball. I shoot it and momma appears but then nothing. What gives?
Love the game. The only bad thing is that I lost my power ups because somehow the game got uninstalled. When I signed back in my levels were still the same but my power ups were gone. I had just won 3 dragon balls and some others.
Fix the issues n I'll rate it higher. I don't get points for bubbles with ? marks in it... my coins I've earned / been sent have not loaded! Also there should be some way to earn "helps"... as the levels get more challenging.. there are no bonuses you can use to help. Also the game consistently gives the colors I don't need... I've wasted as many as 4 balls waiting for 1 I need!!! All my Facebook friends shouldn't be on the send lives or the ask for lives list... only game players.
Everything is great about this game except the for the hearts mechanic. It's understandable that most bonuses push micro purchases but just to play the game the player either has to wait or pay for more hearts when the hearts run out. The art is good and the game play is fun though.
The game is challenging but sometimes gets a little boring, wish there were other characters to play with.  I keep coming back though,  so it must not be too boring. ☺
Great game ! Should be able to use metals for weapons purchase. Freezes way to much.
Serves notifications even if you switch them off. I'm able to overwrite in system settings, but that's not the point.
Lots of fun for a time killer.  Tons of levels and rewards.  You will always have something to do if they continue to release new levels and weapons, lots of options.
Worked for like 2 weeks now freezes. And #1 fps game? Hahaha
It doesn't match fair players and it is very expensive. It forces upgrades and forces purchases. Not a good game.
I had over 500 powerplays so last night, I bought even MORE bingo chips to use all the PPs! Today I return 2 find only 10 powerplays. Game took away! Im TIRED OF GSN GAMES RIPPING ME OFF! This was the worst yet! If GSN eoesnt resolve or fix, I suggest we all go w/another game developer. IF MY ASSETS ARE RESTORED, I WILL  B 😆 2 GIVE BACK MY 5 ⛤ RATING! I ALWAYS TAKE SCREENSHOTS OF ASSETS IN GAMES SO I HAVE PROOF OF THIS CLAIM! BC U HAVE TO PROVE UR CASE WHEN THIS HAPPENS! NOW? 94% OF MY STUFF IS  GONE IN LESS THAN 24 HOURS! I'VE HAD NO RESPONSE IN OVER A WEEK! HELLO, GSN? I WANT MY STUFF BACK! THX
I can't get over how shocking the game has become it's taking me months coins just to get 1 item and to get a bingo is impossible I have been playing for years I'm thinking to unistall not worth the data and space
I don't win often enough to really like it enough to get hooked on it... if I'm lucky I MIGHT get one bingo out of 20 cards played
Why did u take away ads for chips? I spent 15 dollars for my birthday on a game I used to love. I'm so done I have been a player for over two years. Do not get this game I repeat do not get it!! They are money hungry!!!
Would have gave 5 stars but stupid I have to wait so long to get bingo chips. Seriously.. I am not spending money on that crap!
I really enjoy playing this gambling very much it's so exciting, the only thing I dislike is the fact that i'm unable to trade tokens for chips?? :( I have a bazillion  tokens and simply don't understand why I can purchase tokens with chips but not vice versa!! ) Other than that and a few minor freeze ups the game rocks!!
It's oky
Whats up with the server 2/9/17
Why still cant login...merged not completed yet?
indonesia gabung di #438 [Z45]
I love this game
Love the game. I play everyday.
This is pretty damh scary
NICE
This game is awesome and so addictive. However with every update it seems to make problems note prominent. It would be great if you could fix all the bugs as that's the only thing letting the game down. Also the prices of the packs continously raise in price which isn't great. You should also consider, when troops are marching, you can see what troops they are. As at the moment they all look the same. It would be cool to have different tier troops look different when marching! Also there should be a ranking for zombie kills!!
I Re Installed this game cause I really do like it I have been lucky so far and I'm happy with it. But what I don't like is when it just takes all ur coins and don't pay out very often at that point I give up cause if it don't pay don't play thats my moto lol but so far I'm lucky and thats the way I like it I know u win some and u loose some but hey its not fair to just take and not give...
A game of great graphics and good design. Having played for a while now, i have to warn those of you , that if you don't pay, you don't play..Had 9 billion + on a game and they lost it and can't even find the game. Spent pounds on here and only for them to lose the whole game ,without even a trace. So had to restart from scratch   . Now down on luck. The odds are so crap, 5 million bet to get an ave of 300 to 600 k back..why should any one get back a win that is less than your bet. I will not be spending another penny till i see a vast improvement in fair odds for fair pay. So be warned that you may win for a while ,then bang and all gone.. I have read numerous comments on here and  there is only one reply they give, 'The game dose not distinguish between the size of the bet' . So the bigger the bet the less you win..my advie to anyone is this...don't bother to install unless you like to lose.
THANKS SO MUCH TO THE WHOLE MURKA TEAM!! Truly the best slot game ever made. Gameplay, graphics, controls, everything about this game it AMAZING! I'm addicted. Take every opportunity I get to tell people about this game.
Most all is well an astonishing; & seemingly graphics are spoken quite highly of. Call them titillating. Is indeed a fast in your seatbelt affair; but in a Heartfelt beating. You can be SHATTERED & wearing a frown!!
I can't get into my farm. When I gp into the app all I get is a waiting circle. I get the same whenever I visit someone's shop. It is getting rather annoying and never used to do this. Apart from this I love the game and have been dipping in and out of it for years now. I agree with the other reviews about tom not sleeping and some things taking to long to make/grow. Addictive and entertaining!
Slow. I've been playing Township for a while and thought I would give this game a try. Everything takes a long time. Not much to do, but wait. You don't make enough money selling items. Township is so much more fun with much more to do. Sorry, but uninstalled this game. Nice try. Would be better if things moved along faster and if there was more to do. If you want a game that you only want to play for two minutes at a time, then this is your game.
I experienced it for 1 weeks lately. I don't know why is it happening. I already update the game and spare some space from ram n rom only for playing the game. But it always happened. When i want to make pigs food n when i want to make cream. It suddenly closed. PLEASE FIX IT
Smooth game play, fun casual and not too in your face about money. Only one thing I don't like is the size of the storage but it can be upgraded for free, just takes time. That's what these games are about though right if you want free?
My new addiction. It's been years since I've played Farmville on Facebook, I went back to that and just didn't care for it. I was recommended Hay Day by a coworker and find it more interactive and community oriented, without all the item request pop ups. My only real complaint right now is, that I cannot play on a Windows laptop. :-(
I thought this game was going to be boring but apparently I am now addicted to this game it also helps with using profits. I think everybody should have this game. Thank you for your time to read this remarkably long description, of this wonderful and amazing game. Hope you enjoy this game.👍👅👄💖🐖🐷🐮🐄🐓🐔🐣🐤🐥🐦🐧🕊
Instead of logging with facebook to play from multiple devices, You can also use your google account. On the friend bar sign in with 1st google play account on other device and now you have multiple devices to play on. I am sure many other kids like me wouldn't have a Facebook account. If yes, this is going to work out. Well it has worked for me. Hit a like to this if it has worked for you! I also found Yesenia Lopez's review useful. Thanks Yesenia!:);)
Finally, a real, gimmicks-free, home design game! Amazing, high-quality, life-like graphics. No glitches. Unlimited exciting design challenges. Shut up and take my money! :D I haven't been this excited since Polyvore debuted.
Many bugs! I have had lots of issues with the app like losing my earned items because I was unable to get the app to respond, etc. Very frustrating. Love the game, would be my favorite if not so glitchy!!!
So I do like this game.m however if you don't want to spend money on the game then don't buy it. All the stuff you buy for your home that's cheap will not win you anything new. You have to buy the extrmely exspensive ones in order to actually play the game, and the game does not give you enough money or diamonds to do so, because they want you to spend 40 bucks on their money and diamonds. If you're willing to spend money on stupid games like this, then this game is for you. But if youre just looking for a game to spend your free time on, definatly DO NOT download this game. Your free time on this game last 5 seconds when you realize the only thing you can do is do the daily challenge and thats it. Bullshit.
I Love this game! The only thing that should be changed is once we purchase items we should get to keep them or give us the option of trading because usually run short of money while your waiting to make money.
Would give 5 stars... I love the game but it takes to long to earn cash to buy the required items...to complete the challenges. Should have more options to earn cash... and it takes to long for your designs to be voted on... Also when you purchase an item it's not yours for keeps.. You use all you cash and diamonds.. only to find out you can only use your purchased items 5x.. then you have to purchase all over again... Game need some improvement!
Updated review: takes hours to complete one challenge because of this data sync error message....wifi signal strong and this is the only app I have problems with. It seems to update 3 times a week but nothing ever changes. Not worth the headache....
game would be nice if i didnt need to earn diamonds and cash by loading garbage to my phone. i will not be paying real money ever. game is useless if no room on phone and you dont want to sign up for tons of trials which some cost real dollars.
I love this app, I just hate that I keep downloading apps so I can get the free diamonds and I don't always get them! For example I got the hulu app and subscribed and didn't get the 18,885 diamonds! 😩  and another thing that I dislike is when I keep pressing buttons and they don't always work so I have to close the app and restart it 😑
Love this game. Only thing that makes it hard to play is that the rewards don't update. (Diamonds/$$/decor) which you need to play. Unless you want to use real money, but since the game don't update rewards, I'm reluctant to do so.
Every time I play now it want let me play but one round the game hesitates and I love playing but the hesitation keeps me from playing, even after the update
I really love this game but for some reason I'm unable to do quest and my app is obviously updated
Awesome game :-) However, since the last update, the game keeps crashing either half way into a game or when you've finished a level and need to move to the next level, there's a 5-10 second pause and then the game crashes. App owner should fix & update these glitches and I'd recommend everyone to play this game, it a lot of fun :-)
Love the game, sometimes gets annoying when you're stuck on a level for  40 or 50 attempts and I'm only up to level 336!!
It's a fun game & I love the extra challenges. My only problem is sometimes the extra quests cause my game to lag
Keeps crashing on my phone I can't play it anymore haven't since the last 3 updates its had
Love it alk the other reviews are stupid and so are the people. Probably because thee adults and they don't know what fun is!!!  This game rocks!!!!
It's stuck and won't give me my Sunshine points..just 100 stuck.. this s just kills the game.and it's been my favorite for years
Thanks for fixing the crushes. :-) Great game now
This is the worst bingo game NO PAYOUTS not worth the time to download. It only gives you enough credits to play 1 round bingos go way to fast and it takes forever to level up
Can't finish collections anymore, too many rooms unfinished, will not spend money on credits if there is no hope of completing collections. I'm not that stupid!!....therefore  game has become totally boring. No incentive to keep playing.....UNINSTALLING
I love this game. I play it from time to time and have been for years!! The only thing I think could change is the possibilities of completing cities. It takes entirely too long to get that one item to complete the city. Other than that, kudos!!!!❤
This is twice I have made an in app purchase and was ripped off.  I have to beg for my coins and spend 20-45 mins. emailing back and forth to prove I made the purchase. I'm real tired of this treatment!!!!!! And for what??? NO APOLOGY ~NO COMPENSATION ~NOTHING THIS IS NOT ACCEPTABLE
Loser, this game won't give you enough numbers for your card.10 number s go by nothing to match your card. After you start getting numbers GAME OVER. Another thing, I have 6,000coins what good are they if I can't use them to buy blue  coin?
Well I used to love playing this game but I keep getting screwed out of chips and then ive been getting crap cards. Can't tell you the last time I got a bingo. It's not fun anymore. Especially when you spend actual money and never get a bingo.
The best slots i have played yet. Good bonuses. Excellent graphics. Dam good
Whya i cant conect with facebook.thay said to me no internet conecttion
I always have fun winning at Caesars......come join in the fun of wining you will be glad you did.....
Getting better, but need a little more work.
Not enough wins, and you should have two way wins and two ways bonuses
Cant play on my media pad 10 link huawei...PLEASE HELP I WANT TO PLAY MORE HAVE FUN...am already addicted to it
I have had trouble collecting gifts and bonuses. In general it's OK.
I had so much fun playing the game
The UI can be improved.   There are no way on how to remove units in a party without swapping  There is no item view or grouping to make the list of items more organize   Anyway, the story is great. The sound is awesome. So far I can play without spending money. Lets see..
Played for more than 5 months and only got two 5* based units. Need to spend real money if you want those rare units. Other than that I love this game.  Current Mana Mystery event's difficulty isn't too tough for newbie players if you bring along an OP friend to help you out. Just about the only complaint is that some of the event's items are priced too high and requires a lot if grinding.
It's very fun. Very nostalgic for a final fantasy fan. However, I'm a bit concerned about the long term effects the in app purchases and premium currency the game uses will have on the game itself. Hopefully it's a good balance and doesn't slow the game to a crawl without paying real money
Game is really good. But is lacking in quality events for end game. Instead of improving on the Japan version of events, we get new ones that have one boss and are gimmicks. Christmas and new years were horrible. And now we have Ariana Grande for our next event?  What does some teen pop star have to do with Final Fantasy? this game has the potential to be great if they just gave us a nice stream of Dungeons and trial bosses
Is this Square Soft? Is this Final Fantasy? Caught in a load screen. No escape from downloading. Open your eyes, look down and the screen and see, I'm just a fan boy, I need more fantasy. Because I can easy scroll, easy load, spend some Gil, chocobo..
UPDATED - Gumi changes item prices in events to try to force money to be spent. Incredible greed. 1 star until addressed - A handful of issues including a TOTAL lack of ability explanations which force you to look up all info online. Storyline is decent enough. The gameplay is good providing a lot for free. Unfortunately the drop rates are horrific for the best units (1% or less) and the company sets a massive price for real money purchases. I am completely free-to-play and I'll be staying that way.
Just amazing for a free game. A classic FF experience with newer elements tossed in. 2 minor drawbacks. 1 no FF7 characters. 2 wish there was no energy so I could play more :)
I complain about summon so unfair. I alway got blue and gold crystal 3 to 4* many times. But I cannot get rainbow crystal 5* for more months  I believe drop rate are lie. I feel drop rate is low like 5 to 20% not 50 to 100%.. I waste my money and lapis to spend it..  People and I want fair and happiness.. don't be ignore people and me.. We are your customer.. I hope company must fair and understanding.. I want rainbow crystal 5* back... if not then I give u rate is 1..
AWFUL gacha rate. Of all the games I played, this game is the worst. Good luck getting a 5* base unit if you're a F2P. Even if you got a rainbow crystal, high chance it's a crappy 3* base unit. Not recommended, this game seems great at first but after you spend some time in it you can see the glaring flaws.
Loved this game until I used my gold bars for 5 more tries and a notice popped up saying the store was unavailable but still took my bars. I bought 10 more, store still unavailable and it took my bars again without giving me my 5 extra moves.. Really frustrating to get ripped off when I do spend money on this app.
I like the game, and I have played it before, but I just wouldn't load the first level. It would just shut off if u try to. I don't know what's going on, but the level just won't work.
When you're playing against the Queen the queen has yellow jelly you have red jelly when your plan and you have a fish that is playing for you in the red jelly it's not fair for it to go off and hit the yellow jelly given the queen and option to open up more jelly that's not fair if your fish should hit your color Joey...
Level 694. It has a fault and is different to what it shows on google. Not happy as it impossible to do
It just uninstalled itself which I thought O Well I just redownload it and when I did, it started me back on level 1 even after I logged back into Facebook. I was on level 259!!!!! Don't think I'm going to restart completely all over again. I played this game every night b4 going to sleep but it took me forever to get to level 259, I don't want to have to go through that again
I'm a fan of candy crush just when you think there's no more a new task n mystery begins..they should make a mystery candy crush 😆
I have all my extras was on a high level.  Opened it one day and all of a sudden was at level 1 .. I don't understand why I am on level 1 after playing for so long and still have all my extras I've earned
It's great got passing time while waiting. Only thing I dislike are the levels when you have to take turns with the jelly queen or Carl.  I prefer playing  solo
I love the game, it's so much fun and it's super addicting. What I don't love is that it takes up 1.27 gb of my internal storage and that it can't be moved to my SD card, it's pretty frustrating when I have to delete other apps just to have storage on my phone.
It starts confusing but I got in the swing of things quickly.i like how there aren't any pay walls, places where it's so hard or where it takes forever to do something where you have to buy something to speed it up or make you stronger. I have never spent money on it, and I have a full TUR team and more. I love this game
Is an ok game but. After last update it never loaded again, I have to unistall lose all what I had done. Now I installed again and still doesn't load. Something is wrong with the update.
The ridiculously expensive Dragon Stones and the extremely low pull rates keep it from being a overall great experience. $5 dollars, so I can pull a Yamcha? That is really abusive.
I absolutely love this game, it's super addicting and I probably have at least 100 hours on this game I enjoy the simple gameplay with many of the characters I know and love from Dragon Ball. My only issue is whenever you start the game with sound on, the Hercule(Mr. Satan) intro is extremely loud. I will hope that this can be fixed but I'm not letting this small issue effect my rating, this game is 10/10!
The game is super fun, but the summons are trash. You have to wait forever to build up enough dragon stones for a "multi-summon" which is supposedly your best chance to acquire "SSR" Characters, but the packs are full with crap ass characters that you never get any of the SSR characters they promise. Would like to see the drop rates improve and pricing for dragon stones improve.
If you're going to spend money on this game then be prepared to spend thousands of dollars if not then only be an f2p player otherwise the global rates are jacked. Japan has better rates than we do that's my only complaint. Also, JP is v3.2.1 & is smoother gameplay, much sharper. Right now we are version 2.15.2 and it is still buggy as hell. Half the time I get connection errors. Please fix ASAP!
I can't play this game. I've play this game its a good game. But suddenly i can't play it anymore if anyone know how to fix this problem please tell me. I need to know why i can't suddenly play it. It is say Downloading but its already 100% and it wont open so please if anyone ever experience this problem please tell me how to fix it
i have had this game since it came out and i just lost all of my data. i was unable to make it past the title screens due to the app constantly closing out. so since it is linked to my facebook i didn't think i would lose my save data, sure enough i lost absolutely everything. the game is great but this is ridiculous, a year i have spent time and money on this game and for it to totally screw me out of all of it is not okay.
Great game. Easy to get into and progress is addictive. Just having a bug however, where the game crashes at random times, which can be very frustrating. Hope this bug is addressed soon. Good luck devs
Updates ruined the game an what I mean by that is they put in attack gear which is the best to attack with but they also put in defense gear that cancels out the attack gear an vice versa which was a horrible decision , the developers added something nobody wanted an it ruined the game , I can't just attack anymore I have to onslaught everything which suks an is no fun
Hi  guys  i have a account  and i just cant acces  it   can anyone help me please        i   have spend on this game     almost 500$  and  noww i can   get my account      and my account name is arishant  lvl 21   vip lvl 13      wtf  is going on   ?  Tiarning  30       and     im a member in 1ma   please  help me to get back my account
PLARIUM i suggest that the leader of a Builded SH can random relocate any town that is not in the clan of the SH ( with a cool down of 8hours so ppl can came and attack the clan but not to camp there) you have 7 days to fix it . If not you will get 700 1 star from my clan and friends . 11 february 2017. 12:14 . It is clear ? .... will edit and reput these message every hour till you replay to it proparly . Remember we pay to play . We are the costumers
Playing fr 2 weeks and this game is very addictive. If you are part of active clan then you will enjoy it most because u receive lots of boosts and additional help grom members. More importantly if ur soldiers die during defending then u can revive all of them without spending single gold. One request, plz add 5hrs time boosts or allow players to buy 1d boosts from clan store... thanks for such nice game.
I dont know what happened, but yesterday night i brought 30 day vip activation worth 8000 gold, and i wake up to see my vip status hai ended? Rather shocking discovery after spending 8000 gold.  Was thinking on buying a pack in a day or two. Will only buy after you resolve this issue
I think it is gonna be awsome if we can transfer or trade hero with our friend.. Plz...
This game is awesome... enough said
Great game but spending gems to hire hero's should have a higher chance for legendarys
Hire with gems should more powerfull legendary heroes or increase chance to get legend hero..
I've been playing for 6yrs(what time I wasn't in prison) and I love it
1 of the best slots Ive ever played. Sides I just love the movie!
I REALLY LIKED THIS GAME BUT I CANNOT FIND IT ON THIS COMPUTER ANY LONGER. I HAD A LOT OF MONEY IN MY ACCOUNT AND SUDDENLY THE GAME IS GONE.
I absolutely love this game. Now that I found this it's gonna be hard to keep me off the game. I spend all day playing if I can and have time. Thanks for letting join and enjoy the awesome game even more than usual.
Fun game a little slow to give bonuses and credits always low but eh oh no change from any other slots
This game is so addicting. I can't stop playing
I come back to this game repeatedly!  Leaving it alone, this time!😍
Freezes every time I go to watch a video for coins.
This site has poor hands compared to a real game. It's designed to have you by chips...a money maker for them.....I can assure you that the river cards will win the hand every time...AA is not rare and is very often...you loose with it most of the times...never pay for chips, you will lose quicker....better sites...good luck and play smart, keep your real money and enjoy it instead of throwing it.. away....
Simply, honestly and truly the best online poker game app out there. I just wish they could and would make it so you could get rid of poker buddies you no longer want, or regret getting, from your settings or something rather then having to wait to see if or when they play, and your playing at the same time, so you can go to the table there at and join them and remove the ones you no longer want.  Wish to hell when you run events I could friggin' play. Older phone, Samsung SII. And when you run events, I  can't play because the event windows won't f'in close!!!! Would you please get rid of the billionaire bash winner box so I can f'ing play!!!
The game definitely keeps you wanting to come back for more. From tournaments to bonuses, and the rings. The issue I have with the game is, the app it's self seems to be rigged. Of course, I cannot say for sure, but the hands that are delt on a back to back basis are unrealistic. In app purchase games always have a way to make you pay to play, which in turn makes the app not free. On the other hand, the app seems to be in favor of people who constantly spend money on chips. Sad
It has been a fun game, but for the last couple of months i can't get past the ads. I try to say no to the chip special, but it keeps popping up. I can't even exit the game, i have to kill it. Not worth waiting for the 1 day out of 5 that they don't try to sell me something so i can play.
Great site ..fun to play on this site and have never had any technical or software issues. Like I have with other poker sites. Only  thing is wish you could click on another player  and talk to them directly, instead of talking to the entire table  being the only chat option.
So far no need to spend a penny. Even if you could. But it has ways to collect ships every 4 hours for free. Is up to you to buy ships. It plays so far good in my android tablet. This is A social poker game mean no cash prizes
For online poker this is okay definitely not close to best poker app not even playtica's best app. To many times the hand with smallest percent chance of winning actually wins. I know additions they could make with chips. Greedy company but best designed poker app why I gave as high as 3 stars. Try fresh deck or dragon play poker apps if app gets better I will rate higher
As much as I enjoy the graphics, the set up and the sound this site is completely unrealistic and quite frankly I'm about to delete the app. Every flop is a paired board, suited and there's a made hand every freakin time. This is soooo unrealistic and bad practice. Moreover the donkey ratio is ridiculous and it's due to this poor handling. This sites name should be changed to Donkeyville
Keeps freezing up on me. It will let me past the free Chrisman gift, uninstalled and re-installing now. Hope it works, it's my favorite app and don't want to start all over with chips and friends. ***Update: logged back in after re-installing the app, everything works perfect now.
I am very upset that one again i had to unistall a reinstall this game,  and all of my boosters that i earned or paid for were not returned.  For a week level 187 would not load and i had no other option.  Will unistall for good,  i feel very ripped off
The game cheats, balls change colors as you launch them making it harder to win so you have to buy coins to get ahead. Very sketchy. Plus when popping it will continuously give the same color ball over and over so you can't clear that level
I have been playing this game for a little over a yr now... for the most part I love it and it is a bit challenging. Here lately I keep getting stuck on the play screen I have tried to uninstall a few times and still nothing.... this is starting to tick me off.... please fix this
Very addictive and enjoyable. Sometimes lives go too fast and it takes a while to get some back..asking to sign up on facebook all time is annoying..  Had to restart at level 1 from  close to 700 when got new phone..But overall a great game..
I love this game but when I go to get my daily coins I never receive them. AND..... Why do you get the same damn color of ball 5 times in a row wasting all the balls!
It's very addictive- so much so that I want to periodically delete it from my phone. When I reinstall, however, (and connect to FB) my progress (level) is saved but my coins and my power-ups are gone. So, I'm done. Earning those is part of the fun and if they're going to disappear, it's not worth it.
PANDA POP, is absolutely addictive. Wish there were more balls, and unlimited play more often. Need more oppertunities to win coins. Been playing for 6yrs and ive had to have extra batteries ready for my phone.
This app is so slow, I could take a coffee break in the time it takes to load the next level. And everything I get on it tells me to sign up with facebook. Like obviously I don't want to. And I feel like it should be easier to get the coin things.
I am so addicted to this game. It is by far my favorite game. I'm at 1100, and all of a sudden every time I try to send hearts out, the game restarts on my phone.
I  can't stop playing this game! I like the different games and the extra ways to get more bingo chips!
Do not waste your time. I used 1230 chips and won 1 game. Same guest user and same profile people win. Waste of money and time.
Installed this game as many of my friends are currently playing it. They are all gathered in one state (173) in one alliance. I hoped that I will be able to join them. However, when I installed the game, I automatically appeared in state 475 with no possibility to move to 173. I actually bought (for real money) teleport, hoping that I will be able to move there. Of no avail... So I am stuck in the middle of nowhere with my friends playing half-world away. Apparently this teleportation was working some time ago and must have been changed recently. Do not play this game if you'd like to join your friends in game.  I tried to contact developers, but got no response from them either.
everything in the game is now about money. doesnt matter how much time and effort you put in. as long as you have the money you rule. You used to be able to grow without having to spend. but theres little point to that now as you just get beat by bigger players with  more money. there is no strategy to attacking. its like being at school. if you are the biggest kid on the yard you win.
Honestly people. This game sucks big time. Nothing but high level cities attacking the little guys. It took me months to build my city up to level 16, constantly under attack from the big guys, feeding them with resources i needed to grow myself only to have to start at the beginning when they decided to wipe out all my resource buildings and have me start all new construction of said buildings from the beginning again. Save your time and money and your sanity. PASS this one by and find a game where they know what they're doing and you stand a half decent chance to survive the bullshit and bullying.
Dear hay day I'm playing this game more than 2 year. I can't forget having food but can't forget to play hay day. When ever I got a nice gift what happened game ato contact nd my gift vanished. This is not single time .I want my gifts back ..Now days if I touch any where it shows purchase more coin. I can't play ..I need answer. I want to talk to you . I want my coin nd gift back .
So many features it's never boring. Best part is that it can be played completely for free!! Diamonds aren't ridiculously hard to earn if you don't want to pay for them. Love how the ads are incorporated into the game as movie tickets so they aren't forced on you. You can choose to watch them or not but if you do you receive an award. Genius thinking. Thank you for fixing the lagging problems from the last update so quickly!!
Thanks Hay Day team for providing a great gaming experience. I want people to know I am a level 87 player (over 2 years) and have not had to spend real money in game ever. Our small neighborhood is usually in the championship league and we have fun. The people who complain about saws and axes need to work the game. By harvesting crops ( like wheat)and fully serving townspeople you can get what you need. I am still lovin' it and look forward to many more years making friends and having fun💖
I adore this game. People look over my shoulder to see what I'm doing on my phone, and they say: 'You're playing Hay Day again?' The moment I got it, I was obsessed-hooked,you could say. It's a big app, but totally worth it!
One of those specials popped up for 20 saws for 50 diamonds.  I purchased the saws and my 50 diamonds were taken immediately but the saws never came.  Went to help and support to inquire and no response. Done with this game since they don't care about the hundreds I've spent on it.
Do u guys really listen to us. We never m putting things in my shop for my friends someone else is stealing all those even I don't give an add in newspaper. Pls can we hv some privacy in our shops if we don't want other people to steal. Can I hv my those items back coz we both needed them badly.....
Decorating your farm is super fun and I love getting lots of animals. Also going to other people farms and the roadside shop is really nifty. But the problem I have is that you need wifi. I mean obviously you'll need wifi for neighborhood stuff and the roadside shop but couldn't those just be disable while not connected to the internet? Then you could still work on your farm anytime you wanted to. Also the whole voucher thing really sucks.
It used to be great but lately I haven't been receiving my diamonds and tech support is a joke and sends the same automated message with no resolution. There also needs to have a better variety of rooms. Rarely do you get to design a bedroom and I've only been able to design with a sectional once in almost 2 months
This game is the home interior design equivalent of Covet (the fashion design app). I find that I enjoy this game way more! I love watching HGTV and this game allows me to design rooms with real furniture but without the mess! I think it is an easy-to-play and relaxing game that doesn't require too much time or energy. It is slow paced and relaxing!
Too many bugs!  Please fix this!  I'm tired of wasting my "money" only to be unable to submit my completed room. Clearing the cache does not help! Love this app, but it needs work!!!!!!
Great game with a few bugs and a TERRIBLE customer service team. I love the game and paid for diamonds. The charges appear to my account, and no diamonds in the game. Working with their customer service i was given two troubleshooting outings but wren i replied that neither worked they completely ignored me.
its a great designing game but could be much better when it comes to not having enough diamonds or money to buy these expensive items, gotta give us more diamonds & money when entering for another challenge, & u have to wait to design the nxt home, & keeps freezin😱 MAKE IT BETTER DEVELOPERS & DO MORE BEDROOMS PLEASE
LOVE IT You can choose all the furniture and everything. You can vote on houses. The only think that I dislike is when I run out if diamonds or coins... But that is my fault... BEST GAME EVER
It has nice graphics and is pretty easy control but i hate that its laggy as crap and it makes my phone lag and freeze and then i cant do anything i have to keep taking out my battery and all to get my phone to work bc the game freezes uo my phone and lags. FIX IT!!!!! 😡
I got to decorate 2 whole rooms before it started asking me to pay. This game will get expensive quick if you play it much. Too bad, because it was fun.
El juego se cae a media partida y ya no me deja sincronizar con king arréglenlo yaaaa, ahora si me a Paso aqui me encanta
I like this game but having problems connecting to facebook since last update... anyone else having these problems?
This bingo game is by far the best one around. I assure you once you start playing, you won't want to stop. I'm totally addicted to the game. Lol, there is not a day that goes by that I don't play. All the levels are very fun, and the graphics are amazing.
I am pissed that one slip of my finger they ban me from my rightful bingo.  Big red X.  The games we pay for to guarantee a bingo..didn't get a Bingo...fix your crap..Uninstalling and going with a different bingo game...this is why I uninstalled it last time.  Thought maybe it got fixed...gave it anpther try...nope
I love the over all... game lots to do..but it hasn't been giving the correct winnings back after your tallied up at end...and the game doesn't even give u a chance to hit bingo if u have one on last ball called which can be frustrating!! Specially if last ball called is your only bingo! I feel like I been waiting my money on this game plus I never complain about a game but this is rediculous....it feels like the game is set to rip people off...I play to relax I get the opposite....
I love it!  I go to sleep thinking about and can't wait to wake up to my daily tournament!  Yes, my family says I need therapy. Hee hee!  I say "just once!" They need to play it just once then talk to me about therapy. ..lol!  We can get a family plan I'm sure. lol. Yes I live for Bingo Blitz!!!
This game is a great time killer and very addictive. I love all the different places you can go and all the different games there is now. Only thing i don't like is how fast you run out of bingo credits and how expensive the power ups are.
I liked the game better when cards cost 10 credits. Bad move making them cost more. I definitely won't play as much now. I really did like this game. I played it everyday. Now that will change :(
This game used to be fun. Not anymore. It's a complete waste of credits to play. Its nearly impossible to complete rooms now. And the daily tournament is a joke!
Needs more rooms that have no power ups. And more rooms with different pay lines in stead off mostly lines or 4 corners.  Many other reason gave.
Extremely unfair that we cannot buy the triple daubs with our coins. Some of us can't afford to buy them with real money and don't want to waste credits on your quests. Gives an unfair advantage to others who spend money. That may be your goal.
Can not get the slots too download
Love the Rino Dino Power !!!
Accidentally deleted app, uploaded it again and my money was gone pls fix, thank u
There's lots of slot games out there - I'd rate this game in the top 3 of all that I've tried!
Grest game super prizes
Very addicting love slots
Have more free things not everyone can afford your promotional days
Thanks!!!!
I been playing for a long time. Only recent issue is that i have magic keys and the game won't let me open the silver chest on towns. Plz Fix and ill give this game 5stars agian
Really like the gameplay and the story. But really s*x for the summon things. I spend 200$ for getting noctis and randi from the banner, but the best i got is the multiple 3* popoi...soo sad...Thats Unfair Greedy Gumi...GG...
Secret of Mana Collaboration coming. Exciting! Chance for nat 5* drops are terrible, and troll rainbow crystals are extremely frustrating (fix it soon, PLEASE).
Instantly throw me back to my childhood. Fantastic game great music and the graphics are not the best but I think they are better that way, it has a very vintage appeal about it which I personally prefer, if you are looking for a great RPG game this is it. Lives up to the standards of your expectations of the Final Fantasy game and far exceeds the standards of a phone game, you kind of forget you're on a phone lol.
The gameplay is rather simplistic and i like that a lot about this game. Plus with me being a bit of a final fantasy nut, being able to essentially make a mash up team of my favorite characters is a big plus
Overall the graphics & game play is ok. But be warned, it may takes days or weeks to grind max level for each characters depends on rarity. This game is only recommended for hardcore grinders. Tested a few days, decided to uninstall,  exp is sooooo damn slow...
Wish it wasn't so difficult for some levels.  I've been stuck months at a time.
Game is fun addicting and challenging. Wish that levels would get added faster to the app. Facebook is way ahead on levels compared to app. But would still highly recommend this game for its fun, easy to play, challenging, and addicting game play.
It is a rip off. I have found several special puffers and have not been getting them to finish the special game!
THAT GAMES CHEATS ,EVERYTIME I HAVE THE A SPECIAL BLOCK I ALWAYS LOSE IT . F#*@K YOU CUPCAKE CARL AND YOUR HIGHNESS THE QUEEN.But I still love the game,can never put it down. I love it.
Why can't you get the "special pufflers" to help out the unicorn? I've been trying for weeks and no special melting puffer of any kind!
I've reached 700 and there's no more levels to continue to! This is urgent as I'm really enjoying the game. Load more than 20 levels this time please!
I love the game!  I love the game! I play it whenever I get a chance to. But as of last night and today, when I go to the loading screen it goes completely dark and I can't play. I hope this only a temporary effect. Also is there anyway to make a custom Character like in the DragonBall XenoVerse games? Just curious :)
This is an amazing game! Great fan service. Don't need to spend money but if you do it won't feel like cheating. Very happy and hope to see more good things from this developer!
It was stuck at the loading screen after the first 5 days of playing. Lg Android. It loads midway (At title screen) and blacks put now. If possible I would like an update to fix this.
Ok so i have returned with a new review on a new server :) now i think SH are cool but ppl have made fake accounts to teleport and take up the room of our stronghold i think if youre inside someones SH and they successfully attack you it should teleport you out just like the area around the Place of Power please consider this because its wrong that we work hard and people come to stop our SH from helping us
If you don't want to go broke don't play. Honestly I'm at level 21 palace and I realize that it wasn't skill but money that got me there. The packs start out at about $20 as a discount but eventually all prices for packs are $50 to $100. The problem with this game is that they make it extremely difficult to get to a competitive level without purchasing packs or using very large amounts of rare gold in game - which ultimately leads to in game purchases. At my level there are both time boosts and resources that are so high priced and so rare to acquire that I can't level anything enough to keep a self-sustaining city.  Oh and if you are attacked by a peer with a large army you can expect to have to go to in game purchases​ just to make up for your loss. All in all it's a big cash cow of a game.
It's a fun game but they have the WORST customer service I have ever dealt with. Enjoy the game but hope that you never have an issue (and there are many) that require you to work with Plarium.
Great Game! Only a few suggestions for developers  1- make a material class greater than legendary or be able to trade or sell materials between your clan   2 - allow for more helps on building and knowledge upgrades I'm lvl21 and only get 25 possible helps   finally a question,  when do runes come into the game??
Overall a good game with alot of potential to rise above the masses of paytoplays. Recently though I've had issues, I started getting into the game, buying packages and participating in kvk and other tasks. Bought a few packages didn't receive one but got charged for it. No biggie, I hit up plarium and they tell me it's not there problem I should get a hold of my bank when  I have the receipt of purchase. But they can't find there receipt...so now I'm waiting 60-90 days for plarium and my bank to figure this out. Motel of the story, don't enjoy this game too much,  if a problem comes up your thrown on the backburner.
More work needs to be done on the stronghold the stronghold area should be like the forest for people that don't belong that way they are automatically relocated and enemy Clans are not billing your stronghold with an active towns making your stronghold useless your answer of upgrade or start over just isn't good enough
Will let you hit phenomenal hands at low levels... Trying to lure. NEVER buy chips.. Will let you win and lose a few, then all of a sudden get beat with junk hands all day. Trying to lure to buy more chips. Money racketeering. Scroll down to see actual ratings. Ratings at top are bogus. 4.4 stars have never changed
Best poker game game I've found so far.  Great way to meet new people and compete taking in as much data and utilizing info gathered to build your bank roll.  I can honestly say this is more than just a simple Texas holdem game.  Ive learned more than I could have ever imagined trying to come up with new ways to get involved and earn free chips and bonuses . Thanks to the developers for the insight and education.
It would be better if it was really based on probability, because if your at a casino at a full table there's is a small possibility to get as many straights and flushes back to back as you do in this game. On top of that, almost every hand played has an ace so naturally whenever someone gets one they just go all in and win 50% of the time. This game is alright but it can be headache.
Just don't like how u can click on avatar and see people's raise percentage. Please give option to show my cards after hand, would like ppl to know I bluffed or had cards occasionally. Also nvr seen someone win a ring for a tournament on TV, u guys have it backwards, should get bracelets for tourney play and rings for cash games, also the poker pro chips should work in the tourneys too. Some feedback on this would be appreciated thx
Since 3 days been sending emails to support  regarding  my poker pro level and it keeps refleshijg and going back to where I was. It's suppose to go up. Or down if where  doing the event pass 4 level  but they ain't got that bonus so why is it that it keeps going low I play alot on there. But this is making me just wanna find another site now
Very good poker game..gameplay is realistic and odds are correct..pace is very good , there are enough chips available for free so that u do not have to buy if u don t want to.. there are  no uneeded bells and whistles...it s now my favorite and i have tried them all..
Idk how this keeps happening but, everytime I get a flush (like every 5 hands, seems legit) it loses to a 3 of a kind or a straight.. also I've had the game fold for me multiple times on a big hand. It's cool though, wsop will be there to rip you off when you want more money.
I'm having to fight to receive my rewards during challenges, frustrating that I have to keep doing this since I love this game.  Just give me my bonus when I complete the challenge
I absolutely love this game & can't recommend enough! Something new every time & it tests your skill. Some levels are hard but not impossible like other games. Very addictive 4 🌟🌟🌟🌟
I find that the game cheats sometimes.   My panda will have a red bubble in her bucket, then it changes.  Also, if I need just one colour, like blue, it will give me every colour but blue!
This is the best game ever, it's one of those game's that makes everyday challenges easier. Especially if there's so much to get done and one takes out time for themselves with a game that's fun... Thank you Pandapop family.
Annoying irritating game that doesn't give you the extra goes that you purchased. Uninstalling as I nearly threw my phone across the room yelling something that begins with C and sounds like Front...
Lovely graphics, not any errors, easy control and this game really is so great. I don't have any games in my mobile after starting this, and I don't even think of starting another new game. Because this is so awesome. I think 5 stars is not enough for this. I would say 10 stars. This game is worth it. Thanks supercell. Before 4 years you gave me clash of clans, and I was not ready to play any other game, now I have hay day, and I am sure not going for any other game. Thank you supercell.
The game is great it's very entertaining and fun. I have read other reviews which are in general really good however whilst this is nothing to do with hayday I would like to point out that it is a game and has nothing to do with religion which has actually been brought up in one review yes I take the Christmas theme point but it would be impossible for hayday to incorporate every religion in the game. The game is surely meant to be fun not serious. Well done hayday developers on every aspect of the game it is FUN
This is an AMAZING game.  But maybe you could make it a little more realistic cause there are so many animals to feed and only two feedmills. I thought u could use water for the animals so everytime they need feeding you put water bottles on patches on grass meaning u could make water as a product. Instead of making it. Greg could sell it or every time Greg or Mike or the ladies come and ask for stuff we could exchange for water instead of coins.
I hate how you have to have so many coins to get things such as repairing the boat, repairing the cave and the town platform. And they want 31,000 + its stupid how you have to buy everything especially when you are like me and love this game but hate how you have to buy so many expensive things. Even the juice press and other machines. Please lower prices. Its hard to get that many coins.
Keeps crashing my Android tablet. When it works, it's highly addicting, but when it isn't working right, I can't even open the app before it crashes and takes my device with it. I have plenty of space on my tablet and I have Android 6.0 Marshmallow... Please fix this and I will keep playing and change my rating to 5 stars.
Everything is amazing.... Except that the tickets never work, I watch the video but it just brings me right back to the home screen when it's done. So I watch the video and NEVER GET THE PRIZE!!! That and in random times it just exits the game and brings me to my home screen, deleting all of my progress from the last 5 -10 minutes.
Love this game but not sure how it seems that I have 2 farms n being locked out from google+. Tho i tried so hard to recover my farm it is nt possible. Pls do something. I'm at lvl 43 n nt willing to go dwn to lvl 18.
Its overly annoying how u like a game...called free...then u have to dump 10000's of REAL DOLLARS for FAKE diamonds just to make a smidge of progress...makes me lose interest. I don't mind making in app purchases TRUST ME ON THAT but this is getting out of hand!
Great app! I tried it out of curiosity and now I'm hooked. Nice original concept and good execution with a well thought out interface which works well even on a phone. There is a problem however - quite a few times now I have been scrolling through the furniture items and suddenly the list freezes and it decides I bought the last thing my thumb touched. You can buy diamonds to buy more firmitire but they are way too expensive. Over $6 gets doesn't even get you enough to deck out a full room! And do people really use such ghastly wallpapers?
I had to lower my original rating....problems 1.) I cannot keep my inventory after i purchased it 2.) the rooms cost way more to furnish than I get paid and 3.) I didn't get the free diamonds I was promised after completing an action...all of this has disappointed me I will probably stop playing and uninstall
This game keeps stealing my money when im purchasing an item it freezes and it charge me twice or three times the same item then i get 15 of them and all my money is all gone! I hate it! This is the second time this happens to me, i lost 5,000 on diamonds, i want my money back on my game or i will delete it.
Game looked very interesting but it kept glitching out and going back to home screen after a few seconds of me opening the app. Very disappointed.
I have a lot of connection issues. My wifi does not support the app. I've completed challenges without receiving a reward after.   That being said I'm so addicted to the game. It's the first gaming app that I feel is truly marketed for my demographic. To complete all of the challenges is difficult to do on the free allowances you are given. You do feel the need to make in app purchases. That's good for the developer but bad on the consumers wallet.
It was enjoying to play , but in one moment when I finally saved some money to buy furniture that I want , all money magically disappear, even daily reword that I got before I checked my balance , just to find that I have only 10$ !? So I uninstalled it...
When you complete a collection instead of receiving what it says you only get a small percentage. I was supposed to get 400 and only got 80. Very hard to get help and customer service is a joke. Complete waste of time all around
I spent $40 on bingo points and never received my items. Contacted the seller and they never responded. If u refund my $ back ill remove the 1 star and grade u correctly.
I'm deleting you for good cuz you all don't give anyone a chance I'm a little slow to get the numbers and you all speed up when im about to win that not fare or if we get to hit bingo at the same time the game ends we don't get the bingo so good bye for good
"Blitz" 👏👍 I love your game, but honestly I've been on this game for years, I go into a room and people are helping each other out, for puzzles etc. I hate the fact that when some people ask we can't get help.. Please throw out puzzles more frequently so we don't really have to ask we can get it on are own & For Chris sakes make the monkey or Beaver Drop the items we need once in a while that's dirty..
It is addictive, however it calls "bad bingo" on perfectly clean, good bingos. Cheated me out of many bingos. Fix your glitch. Untill then, Shame 🕭 shame🕭shaaaaaaame🕭🕭🕭
Freezes too much before and during a round! Sometimes you will get your credits back. When you ask for it to be fixed they send an email asking what room, how many cards you played and if you've taken a screen shot. Waste of time!! Boo!
Used to like this game, but not anymore. Purchased a new tablet, and everything I worked so hard for is now completely gone. Have to start all over again. WHAT A RIPP-OFF!
The game is alright just wish you didn't loss your money so fast.
Great Game  LOVE it
Great game love it
We need bigger pay offs and facebook mobile coins
Have to stop game during spin to win
Awesome 😎👍
They add a new game and now can't even open it! Awesome!! Two thumbs down!
Casino games are great to play and I enjoy them alot.
The bast slot game
It's good. Very addicting. Would change some of the animations personally  because they can be monotonous like waiting for a unit to finish his combo after the enemy had already died and the pointless treasure chest that drops from enemies then opens and shows the loot. Other than that it's a great game. Updated regularly and big fixes happen extremely fast.
I quit Brave Frontier after it devolved into nothing but pointless "collaboration" events.  We have yet to see any content from FF 7, 8, or 10, but here come the crossovers.  This has been a great game, but I won't stick around if this keeps up.  There's no need or excuse for collaboration events with all the untapped FF potential still out there.
Ah this sucks! I love FFBE and have been playing it since before official release but come on! The banner rates suck, I spent 20 summons and have yet to get a banner unit, even just the base 3 star Popoi in the current event. I noticed that you guys lower the drop rates whenever there is an event where bonus units are involved, are you trying to make us spend until we get at least one banner unit???? I know it's RNG, even so we don't know what's the code behind it, meaning you could still manipulate it however you want. Please don't be too greedy, I'm also a game developer and I understand that profit is essential since gamemaking is hardwork but this is too much. I'd give a 5 star again once this is issue is resolved. Keep working hard though, the game's amazing but the bad summon rates tramples on it.
Was really fun and rewarding, however the game now makes events almost impossible and caters to all the whales (spend a lot of $$). If you do not have top tier units on your team good luck, you just get frustrated especially with crappie summons. I watch event guides and the guide has a lightning, Elza, tilith, cecil, cod...yeah good luck getting that party without being a whale.
Great game. But please square stop giving us summons of units we already have. I have a characrer i already have like three times. Fix this problem !!!
Dropping a star for the Arian Grande marketing shilling. Playing this for the nostalgia, not the pop star crossovers.   They also need to make metal cactuars and the other non characters count towards your character pool.
if you're short tempered don't play level 689 and 694...just uninstall this game... without booster it is very stressful
Installed never even got to play. Would not even open. Big waste of time
Like playing but I don't always get moved up when I win a level. Recently won level 97 but I'm still stuck there.
Addicted to this game no doubt about that, but recently is been crashing on me while I'm in the middle of a game! So annoying especially when I'm about to win the board I'm on.
I am bugged by the fact that on monkey levels you don't get the benefit of a good run when blasting orange counters
Started a new game with 50 gold bars but when I connected with my Facebook I ended up with just five, what gives?
Game AI cheats are ridiculous,  how is anyone supposed to play this game when it's rigged against the player on every level
This game is so much better than they others love the lay out of it. Plus this one hasn't stopped working  unlike the candy crush and soda ones
I only downloaded this app so I could write a review saying how much I hate the ad. It's pandering to the "wily girl" making guys look like horny idiots. 🖓🖓 I'm also plain sick of it showing up so often.
Fix the lag in the game. And add a button to use the shield on the world map or boost make the ability to hide l troops people will still spend money but would pay longer and rage quite would be less. People have lives can't be playing the game all the time people take vacations.
Spent the first day upgrading the base pointlessly. I understand the tutorial aspect, but having to develop a base with zero resource collection required is just boring continuous clicking.
It's a great game , a bit like game of war but it's actually better. Graphics are good and gameplay is awesome it doesn't lag at all. And best of all almost no ads!👍👍👍
Pay to win game and no, if someone doesn't want to spend money, he won't acomplish anything. Players with money would just teleport near weaker clans and just burn them all the time. Vikings isn't any better than other strategic games here.
Very addictive game... Only if there were some animation during our battle fight to other town I would have given it 5 star
This game is quite honestly a joke and a waste of time.  More bad beats than you can imagine, draws never hit, premium hands don't hold up.  You win chips then lose them through a series of bad beats.  Don't be a fool and buy chips with real money.  Keep in mind the purpose of the site is to generate revenue not to put on a legit play money poker game.
They steel your money on here, watch how much you have because they cheat you at ever way can. Not paying the full amounts you win ect. Don't buy chips complete rip off. And customer service sucks totally unsatisfied.
Pretty good RNR making for realistic hands of play.  If course being free money players play dumb and call everything.  Only complaint is they should have big tournaments where as many as 1000 players join like real wsop events with slower blinds to make for a realistic tournament simulation
Good app to kill time. Really enjoy playing it. Only issue I have is that my chip count mysteriously disappears overnight. One night, I was at over 900K, woke up to less than that. Last night took screenshot of my chip count at nearly 500K, this morning it's 240K. Not sure why but I wouldn't buy any chips if they're going to disappear overnight.
The game play is decent until the damn developer window opens asking you questions. Very hard to get back to the game play when it happens.  It comes up when you're in the middle of betting. (Not when you folded and are sitting out,  but during a frickin betting war.) By the time you can figure out how to get back to the game you're betting on,  you already timed out and folded. Very poor software engineering.  I lost several 100k money from this.  The worst thing is that it's not ads but instead developer
Controls, graphics and gameplay is good. (Fonts are small on a phone). Like any of these apps, there is a tendency to deliver staged hands that rarely happen in real life. The prime purpose seems to be for engineering big pot "chip swaps". So player beware.
They push notifications even if you have them turned off. They also take a huge rake for every hand played. It's not like they're having to pay bills with the fake chips! How stupid!
First hand I tried to play it wouldn't take my bet and folded my hand. I lost out on close to a million chips. Our just did it again and wouldn't take my bet and I lost out on a Half a Million dollars.  Need to fix these problems soon or I'll have to uninstall the game. Thank god is not real money I'm playing with. WTF!
Seems pretty fair....as far as I can tell if you take a number of bad beats... you get some back in the spin to win and the slot game. This maybe my own personal experiences. But it's kinda funny...just saying. Love the platform. The new update for pot/ half betting makes play faster. All round great game
It's. Okay but does not offer enough incentives. My abilities are not mstvhrd to well with this game. I am not that good at it.
On level 99 challenging at times but enjoyed for the most part, found very addictive, looking forward to more looks for moma panda and if I may add in I wish she looked more adorable, like the mini pictures of moma panda, maybe diff hair or something thanks for the game love graphics on dragon
Hay Day is a good game but i need to give you suggestions that please add night because the farm will be awesome in night and please make money easy to earn i had earned money after a very very hard work just to buy a machine and after buying machine i have just 1or 2 rs. please do that things if you can
I love this game!!!! My only complaints are.... If "friends" in Hay Day why can't 'friends', not in a neighborhood post 2 eachother? I don't pay 4 this game, I did but don't now as I have advanced levels!!! It sucks that... I don't "Facebook" , this game is world wide....!!!.... I wish the communication between           ' friends' was better... I get the        Don't share personal information thing... A dude named David I thought was an adult turned out 2 b only 12 years old!!! I get it!! I DON'T FACEBOOK
I've been addicted to this game for years now. I think the animals are so cute... I do agree with every player about Tom... He should be able to pause as I do.. And one more thing, it takes me a long time to get land deeds, mallets, and stakes.. They should be given more often.. I love this game and I hope you hear us out...
I need more info on spending and what brings you rewards... not sure if I'm applying the right approach to gain points or am I being biased based on style and functionality.   Either way I'm having fun.  Love this stuff.
Just started playing but it seems like a fun and accurate simulation.
I'm addicted.  It's calming for me but yet i could stay up all night playing.  Great game.
It's set up for phone.  I have a galaxy view 18.4 inch tablet and the game doesn't fill the screen.  It only fills a small sliver of the screen in the middle with black sides.   Hope it gets fixed...looks like it could be a fun game
I hate being hit by full screen adds for other games,  while playing this game,  please address this problem asap.
Hey plarium, I'm just editing this review, another idea. 1. Is there a way that in your next update if we can use iron from our mines and other special kinds of metal to help us  build armor for our troops, to help some of us all out (cause raiding sometimes dosn't work) please consider this idea and people might like this game. And 2. Can you design a special sort of instant boost for training our troops like pay for it in the clan store or trade with other (if trading with other clans becomes a reality) but other then that the game is getting better I wish to see more improvement in the mere future  Thanks plarium.. if I have more ideas I'll be sure to share them to you right away keep up the good work. :)
1milliom dollar tourney. I won, game kicked me out and never added the prize chips. What a crappy feeling. No support either to fix it so you're just left feeling disappointment and used. *Edit: Thanks for directing me to a support line! 5 stars for service!
Stupid game! Dont expect to use skill, this is a bingo game.  Be prepared to dominate through the turn and lose on the river.  There are also hot and cold seats.  You can play 100 hands without a win and you will also witness players that win 85% of the pots.  Watch for bots as well!
No one plays like this in real life. Not sure if it's like this at higher levels, but at the lower level tables, someone is going all-in, pre flop almost every hand. And they will do it with two offsuit low cards. Auto top off and auto rebuy need to be removed, penalizing these fools.
Would give it 5 stars, but the app drops me too often - exactly when I am trying to call or bet. Even on full wifi. **update. Still drops me, but dealing with it. One good thing - it stopped asking me to share on Facebook so much. Huge plus!
Everytime I open the app I'm ment to get a gift but the pop ups I get off this app stops me from getting the gifts, I payed £5 yesterday for a raffle 15 tokens.... Didn't hear nothing at all, so basically you/your apps/company are sponge money grabbing ******* not happy one little bit!!! I best hear from someone soon as possible!!!!
12 gift acceptances crashed! Not happy at all. This is my second post on this.  It seems I accept a gift and reciprocate. When it returns to accept a second gift it crashes then loses the gift.  Wouldn't you be annoyed?  But I come back because I do like the games.  Frustrating! Gimmicky so you have to buy chips!
I really enjoy this game. But last night when i played it kicked me out while i had free spins first telling me that someone logged into my account . Then i let that blow over. And got free spins again and whoops game shuts down and i was going to win a lot. Please fix thus. Its such a cool casino game
New update has caused my game to not load. Been loading for 14+ hours now and won't go past the scopely seize the play screen.... Things take way too long to upgrade. Pulls are jacked. You get more crap 3 star characters and junk weapons than anything. In order to get anywhere in the game you have to purchase coins.
The blackjack ad worked really well and isn't painfully rigged like the full game. As for the other handful of games on here, they only half work and are rigged against you. Except for slots, slots works great and I win fairly often. When I say rigged I mean it, roulette always picks a number with barely anything on it and blackjack gives the dealer great cards while I started with 9 6 hands in a row forcing me to hit over and over.
First off the minimum bid is a high number. 54 thousand. You only get two hundred thousand every few hours. It takes for ever to level up. I have stupidly played this game for a few years now and am still only level 41. You can level up if you pay money but it's just a game and you wont get that money back. Its kinda fun for the few spins you do get but it goes to quick. The daily bonus is random and typically only about 150 thousand. Still goes by real quick.
I've been playing this game for over a year but this new update won't let me log in. Just keeps saying it's loading.  From reading other reviews I'm not the only one with issue. Please fix as this is 1 of my favorite games. Will adjust my rating if issues are fixed.  Otherwise will have to cut my loses and uninstall.
Don't waste your time...down loaded a year ago and deleted for smell reason now..thought I would try again but it's the same... coins too expensive pay outs Suck bonuses to far apart... spent 18.00 betting 27000.00 per roll got 25minutesof play.. too greedy! Waste of money! Better apps out there!
Great games, but you don't get many chips and I barely won anything so I could only play for a few minutes a day. Not worth it and I won't waste money buying chips. There are a lot of other games out there that at least give you play back
like the slots. Don't win enough. Daily bonus is a joke. Most slots give 10 times amount of bonus every 4 hours so you can play at least a few minutes. Try to sell a lot of coins...but buy fake money with real money to win fake money...I think NOT! Should be made to have fun, not always selling coin packs. Would like to win a LITTLE more often.
Been playing this game for a long time and have determined that no matter how much I play I will never get a high daily bonus.  Have not received anything higher than 250 since I have been playing.  The wheel is a joke.
Your machines are incorrect when it comes to pay lines.  The game is down for over 24 hours way to much causing players to lose their return bonuses and making them start over.  Without the return bonus you would never have enough credits to play these games cause they cost too much per spin.  And your machines are not lose enough.  If these were play for real money machines you wouldn't have many return players.  The mobile app throws you out after every 4-6 spin.  Update:  2/10/17...game hasn't changed at all!  Don't bother sending in a trouble ticket cause they don't ANSWER-EVER!  game now goes down every other day causing u to lose your return bonuses and making you start all over to day 1.  There are to many online slot games to ignore complaints of your customers/players.
For a free slot, it takes your money a little too fast. Would never pay for more coins if they are going to be taken that fast. I will just go to a real casino and have a chance to win real money!!!
This use to  be one of the best games ever. Now you rarely seem to win anything. The more you play the less you get. Promo codes are marked invalid and it goes into maintenance  often but never improves.
I USED TO REALLY LIKE THESE GAMES BUT NOW ITS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO GET FREE TURNS. DOESN'T  MATTER IF YOU BET BIG OR SMALL AND TO BUY COINS IS EXPENSIVE  COMPARED TO OTHER CASINOS.IME GOING TO UNINSTALL.MAYBE I'LL TRY IT AGAIN AT A LATER DATE TO SEE IF YOUVE LOOSENED THE GAMES UP A BIT.😭😭😭😭
I really love playing this game but you don't win enough to build your bank. When you do win it's normally not even more than you bet.  I wound up going broke...
Sucks now. Last update failed and keeps trying to download. Way to use my data...the end. Go to slot tourney and it says to download latest update when i have the latest version. Another fail while you were trying to fix something that wasn't broken. Wtg DoubleU
It's an overall good game except that when I try to play the"Live Slotourney, it asks if I want to update it and when I push yes there is no update for it. Can you help me out here. Am I missing something? Thanks
Non-Stop FUN.  So Many Dailey Facet's of Bonus Chip earning potential.     Thank you for continued comment meant of constantly improving the quality of our gaming experience, thanks again.
This game needs controls that set who is playing. If you have more than 1 person in the same house it won't let you download the game as a new for the second person. The second player has to play the first players game. This needs to be changed. You need to have a sign in button that allows you to choose who is playing. We have 2 different  people, 2 different Facebook and Google accounts.  However. We only have one Samsung  account.  Because the accounts are linked through  Samsung you make them one account. This is not fair. For this reason I give you a poor rating. Fix the issue.
this game d0nt c0mpensate f0r messups and is very unfair and pe0ple cheat and get away with it use cheat engines refund m0ney thr0ugh g00gleplay and apple and still are all0wed t0 play s0me benefiet s0me d0nt if y0u are n0t prepared t0 cheat 0r spend $10,000 its n0t a game f0r y0u.
This is a good game with a great concept. Regretfully, Scopely is a horrible company...just horrible.  They refuse to listen to the community and every event is money based.  You can't play this game unless you have a fat wallet.  Don't download, it is just a headache.  FU Scopely!  Sell the game to a real company
All time, money, items and never win a good epic character. Only if you have a biggest credit card win great character if you don't have money don't play this game of twd try other one. I play 1 year, and I lost my time.
forces you to go through a painfully long and boring tutorial with dozens of taps before letting you take control [after installing] which is a major irritant if all you want to do is download your profile to resume on another device. WE MUST BE ABLE TO SKIP THE ENTIRE TUTORIAL. [2] you can't really play on multiple devices [like need for speed] - this requires download of your profile each time you switch which is a silly waste of time and data. [3] no offline or aeroplane mode - the only time it should require data is when playing multi player else its poor design. [4] there is no way to auto play with options like [don't use any boosts] or power ups. so there is very limited times like the start of the round when you can use auto fight else it will waste all your boosts instantly [healing when you are already at 100% health ; use a multi shot character like sandy when there is a single walker on a particular side, etc]. finally google should allow the use of paragraphs in these comments! WTF
good game ,amazing but i cant download the train depot stage 3  at world...pls fix it  ...i have good internet access... i decide to quit....but i like to play pls fix the problem
U buy things and never get it then they want to make you a layer for them it is about money and if you play or not they don't worry
The application wont even started just loaded the screen then brought me back to my home screen. Wasted my time installing it
Heard a lot of it. Installed it but it won't even start up. Keeps minimising itself and dumps me to my tablet home screen.
Went to download this after enjoying the new WWE game but refuses to load after installation. A shame.
I've been playing on and off for 2+ years and I haven't won a jackpot. I've hit some decent wins, but it's too easy to lose all money when you stick with one slot for too long thinking the next spin has to be a win. Hundreds of spins in a row actually. My best tip for actually winning would be to play during the day, and switch up your slot games. Their algorithm pays out worse during nights and weekends. And do not play roulette alone, you will not win.
Looking for AWESOME Entertainment, well you just found it!!!! Big Fish has successfully brought a Casino right in your Home!!!! With Awesome friends u make, u Socialize feels just as if u were in an Actual Casino! They have Blackjack, Horse Racing, Poker, and Slots. And they did an Excellent job on it all! The graphics are AMAZING, it's so much fun, So Many Freebies, there always making great updates, I Really Recommend this APP! U won't regret it!!!! #BFC World's Best Social Game Sight! Ur Thank Me Later!
&gt;Great selection of slots games - try a few of the big $dollar ones for big              wins! Try the mystic Arabian one-       good wins!!sometimes 'slow network ', but it passes. New games come out often, try them!  Try the roulette wheel if you dare poker, and the new horse racing game is fun !
Tuesday Jan. 25th was the absolute best day ever on the slots. Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think that I could reach 318 million chips. But thanks to BFC I did. But at 12:00 midnight cst. It just stopped, no hits anywhere.  Now I'm back to where I started. I would have loved to have hit at least 1 hugh jackpot, but I didn't.  I am grateful for the day I truely am and I thank you so much. But now I can't hit anywhere.  All 0's. HELP please. 😢❤💚💙
I always play the slots great fun and you don't really need to buy more chips to get far. You can bet on the horses 🏇 slot machines 🎰 blackjack 🃏 and roulette and also texas hold'em poker. And you get daily spins to add to your chip count, It's a brilliant all round casio app, recommended.
Hard to win Jackpots & easy to lose your chip's all at once!!. BF. If you want ppl to play higher steak games, than ppl need to win either more jackpots or bigger jackpots in lower steak games, I've been playing for 8 Weeks & yet to win any big Jackpot's..But I must say it is a very fun game!!. im obsessed with TRYING to win a Jackpot!!!..😉..GL to all that play!!. I will NOT Purchase any Chip's as you advertise... FREE SLOTS!?..
I play this game quite a few times a day. And recently it's telling me I have no internet connection which isn't true. So I deleted it and will download when u fix the issue, also alot of other people I know have the same problem. Explain to me how I can make this review but cant get on the game both require internet. Gonna go waste my time somewhere else.
I have been playing this for months now. I keep thinking it will get better, but no. How do they expect you to play if you never ever win?! And the bonuses are out of proportion with the wins. This casino could be awesome if the bonuses and winnings were better.
I find it a little expensive . There should be lower bets . If a person. Is willing to pay to play then there should better wins any longe play time. I am so close to leaving this game for  good .. when ever I play the game takes all of my credits.  100 000 000 credits never even last 3 days .
After getting correct support email as a comment here, they found the problem and the latest update fixed it.  I'm back in the game.  Thank you!!  Used to love this game.  Have problem now and no way to get support.  Very aggravated.  If anyone knows how to engage support please say how.  Email address shown here only gets auto reply telling to use in-game link but there is no in-game support link, at least not that I can find.  Help please!
So many more games added how could anyone get bored. Generous daily bonus spin plus tokens available to collect every 4 hours AND tokens from friends AND videos! I've won millions on several games! New games added constantly. You can't possibly get bored. This is my favorite game app.
It kept going down with no bonuses. I stop playing it alot because you don't win. I loved this game and played it alot but now I just get disappointed when I do play. No bonus and loose loose loose. Is my favorite game but lately it's not been good. Give a bit and I would play everyday again!
It's ok terrible pay outs.pay outs are a little better this time. What sucks is that you let us win just enough to keep us there then you strip us down like a 2 bit What...I won't finish that word but you get my pt.doing good now
Fun but a tease it takes so long to build up coins. I save all week and play for like 2 minutes. That stinks. Could be a great game. I'm deleting now😣 I didn't even mind spend a bit but you still never win. Sad it could be great.
Wow having some really big wins finally thus far really good time will tell. Well here we go yet again spun the wheel in Wicked Dragon said get big wins got 2 of them and yet haven't seen the 20,000,000 in coins like they said and i'am still waiting
I never seem to win, at all. I collect my bonus and within only 2 or so spins my money is gone. Very sad. I am new to this game and since I only get to spin a few times daily I doubt I will keep the app. I definitely get offers to spend real money but why would I if I can't win on the $200,00.00 bonus every 4 hours?
Very slow loading and freezes up constantly. I have other online casino apps on my tablet and my phone that have none of these issues???? EXcellent variety slots but hard to enjoy due to constant issues, freeze's, sometime will not load and logs itself out !-
Never get my gifts from friends after the notification on my FB timeline says they've been sent.  Automatically closes the whole app frequently..  And you never get any wins period anymore,  daily spins also super cheap.
Game sure is tight on payouts these days.. then for a change, you go to blackjack right? 11 to 1 dealer to player blackjack.. yep, that's fair. Games slots are tighter then a nuns arse. All just a money grab
Great fun, many game choices! Great graphics! My only dislike is that there isn't a way to get free chips without waiting, i.e. watch a video. But..still love the games!
THESE PRICKS ARE WORLD CLASS SOBs WHO THINK IT'S FUNNY SCREWING PEOPLE OVER. THINK ABOUT THAT FOR A MOMENT. THERE MACHINES ARE SET UP FOR ONE PURPOSE. TO TAKE YOUR MONEY AS THEY LAUGH ABOUT IT ALL THE WAY TO THE BANK. COMPLETE AND UTTER FRAUD. CUSTOMER SERVICE- NON EXISTENT. THEY JUST SIT BACK A WAIT FOR THE CASH TO POST. KARMA WILL BE AT YOUR DOORSTEP YOU PRICKS. THOSE WHO IGNORE THEIR CONSCIENCE FOR PROFIT ARE LESS THAN ZERO.
Very discouraging after a while. I am 100% certain I get better and more wins at a real Casino. I have played for more then a year and removed the app twice. I think I am finally done with this one.
DDC was my favorite casino to play online,, but i must admit that I find myself playing it less often now,,  because most of the machines that I enjoyed are no longer available...  e.g.  Naughty Nightmares & the Gridiron themed game...  Also,,,,  I,  like many others I am sure,, would like to see a Golf themed pokie...  thanks...
HEY...I dont like to wait forever to connect then wait again for game app to come up then wait again for my choice to appear. I want to play right away, within 60 seconds like other games, not 7 minutes. Your games are fun but hate the wait.  Slot begins to roll and doesn't stop and I try everything to recover app but to no avail. Goes to main screen in middle of bonus round. No recovery on wins. Now the Ellen Degenerous games are gone and 20 others have disappeared. No free spins for coins to play...all gone!! What's up with that? Y'all need to get your hineys in gear and fix Your problems...there are thousands of other games to go to.  Do your job!!!!!
I chanced it and started betting big. Got up to 489 million in less than an hour. Guess where I am an hour later? 10 million.  It's seriously a JOKE. If what you hope is that I will NOW spend almost 20 ACTUAL DOLLARS for 3 million chips, y'all are out of your f*@#ing minds. At least be a little less obvious while you're trying to financially rape us! 😠
I really like this game! The graphics are well done and fun. The music is pleasant. The game play itself is pretty exciting and very visually entertaining. Straightforward game play that truly becomes more challenging (I get stuck at some levels too long though, as the levels get very hard further on in the game; the specialty moves cost too many coins to purchase!). I had a problem in which it stopped connecting and so not able to interact with Facebook. I had to uninstall it and then reinstall it. It is fine, now, and I was very glad my progress was saved! Not sure this will happen again and apparently it has happened to others, so please fix! Thank you!
The actual game is fun to a certain level.  I downloaded this update and can't login server to refresh shelter. I will lose months of work if I'm attacked. Their system is broken. All versions of this game has had some kind of issue/bug. Their customer support is the worst ever with their cookie cutter responses so I am stuck in a rut. I wonder if their customer care actually play the game. Update: now they blame it on my network issue when I am typing this up on Google Play which requires an Internet connection.
I used to love this game. But here lately it keeps freezing during a win or bonus which I don't get to keep yet it takes the money for the bet. It's froze 4x in 5 min. I have to exit the game and restart it.
why so dificult to win jackpot? been over 6 months without a win and i agree with some people saying that winning jackpot only if we spend money
Been playing for a while... and for over a yrs been playing from one daily return bonus to the next. More times than not free spins don't add up to the amount of one regular spin. No jackpot winnings not even on their jackpot party... and I am a VIP and haven't had a jackpot in over a year....
Always wqnts me to update the app to play certain games, but when i try to update it it will not let me ... very frustrating. .. and it always seems to kick me out tbe bonus games after i save up enough to play an try for the big win an never gives my bonus back when i go back to the same game, starting to wonder if i will ever get a big win or even get to try an get one , not to satisfied with it at this point hopefully this can be fixed would love to see if it is really possible to win one of those jackpot with out buying cojns to play ,
It stals, then a pop upmessage reads that i have logged on from a different device. The another reads that my login failed.
WTF.every game SUCKS YOUR MONEY DRY @ minimum bet....I have  to wait for freespins or gifts to get enough money to play then ...poof its gone and im waiting again......not fun .....your update is awful...
This game EATS YOUR MONEY WAY TOO FAST!Which makes it unenjoyable, otherwise  it was cool besides that HUGE monkeywrench!One more compliment the graphics are great.
I am finding, with your recent updates, that even after I've spun 100+ times I DO NOT GET A BONUS. You are making this game less and less fun.
Most games of this size eventually force you to pay real money to continue to access cool features however they've provided enough rewards from ad's that its a level playing field. Game also looks aimed at kids however the depth of gameplay has more adults playing due to the complexity at later levels. Golden league regattas are a bit mismatched though.
Detailed interconnected infrastructure, real and varied rewards for interactions with other players, this game has it all and then some! Very customizable interface makes towns quite individual, not just cookie cutter one size fits all. Highly addictive and interesting, always something to pop in and check rather than a tedious wait for lives to refill. Really cute graphics and random people walking around town. Playrix really outdid themselves on this one!
I have contacted you twice on this issue and I'm getting no response..... I am not receiving my level up reward for leveling up....it saids your reward is 4 cash coins in which i never receive... this has been doing this since somewhere at level 20...I'm a honest person I love this game and have spent at least 30.something dollars of my own money playing it..I want the issue fixed
I really like This game. I like the edit mode and how you can place the water, land and trees and there so much potential space. I dont mind that It takes a while to collect the building materials you need to earn because theres lots of other things to do. I do wish money and or XP was generated through the homes and businesses built. I love the idea of the train , boats and helicopter though. Great game.
Game play has issues. All players are not treated equally when it comes to earning T-Bills and coins for watching ads. This allows some players to prosper, buy items and move up a lot quicker than others that are throttled into earning very few coins/T-Bills for completing the limited number of game goals spread out across many levels. Try treating all of your players fairly!
Don't download this game if you don't have a few hours a day to play. This game is AWESOME. I have never been into this type of game til now. It's cute, fun &  well, FUN. Try it, you'll like it. Some things seem to be a bit ridiculous,  like 2 potatoes to make 1 baked potato.  Why not 1 potatoe and 1 butter? 15 hours to grow a silk tree? Some of the time to grow or make something needs to be tweeked a bit. It seems like it is designed to almost force you to buy fake money with real money. Ponder over it.
It's a fun game but it takes way too long for supply train to get back & it NEVER has the supplies needed, takes way too long to make things to earn coins, & cost on needs are way too high!! I think I'll stick to "Hay Day"!!  Update: 2-1-17 Thought I'd give the game another try...played for awhile then updated today. Went good until the exact moment that the "Tree of Life" expired, then it took 15 cash and over 3000 coins!!! Also took some special goods that I had made (Chinese New Year)! WTF is up with that???
Best casino game ever.. And you actually win,  not just lose all your chips so you can buy more.. The payouts are great.. I don't even like casino games I was specifically looking for blackjack, but this has both and I absolutely love it.. Graphics and sound effects are awesome.. My fav part is when you hit big and the guy says "BIG WIN,  MEGA WIN,  HUUUUUUUUUUUGE WIN"'...lmao.
I have been trying all the casino games this one only gave me please for about 10 minutes I had to save up bonus daily for 3 days and got to play for 20 minutes. I really wanted to like this game the graphics are great and machines look like fun , although I never got to play all of them because I could not collect enough coins. So overall I can't recommend playing this game for very long.
Amazing game. Got me so hooked. There is no necessity of paying, actually the game is designed very nicely. Every aspect. And you can keep your own pace.
it crashed when i tapped the icon to open the app in asus zenphone 2, it didn't even started and just crashed
Love it wars raiding lvl up tornaments supply depot love it all thanks scopley for a wonderful game
Not working. Zenfone 2, 2gb, lolipop. I never made it pass the splash showing Scopely. It just closes back to home screen
I like the game use to work perfect on my Samsung tablet switched tablets and won't even load up it force quits
It won,t take me to the game because it keeps me off
Fantastic game but lot of crushing. Impossible  to play. Fix it.
this is sure and expensive game to be a free one
It won't even open and I reinstalled it twice
Installed before I went to bed and was awoken 2 times (once at 2:30 am and again at 5:30am) by its notification that merlin has an egg for me or some trash like that. Promptly uninstalled. Don't spam your users with trash notifications please.
I wish there was a way to actually insert messages to Austin or input into the game blog. Now that would make it all the more interactive.  If Austin is gonna ask me questions I should be able to answer.   My only complaint...the cost of boosters versus the payout for actually finishing a round. No way to play without having a large amount of cash to spend unless you got magic on your side.
I really enjoy playing all the slots and the variety of games BIG FISH CASINO games and more. The ones I have played probably  most of them are very enjoyable  and entertaining. I also play the Fairway Solitaire,  I have  enjoyed this very much. In spite of the gopher.         My favorite Big Fish casino game is the slots. That is  what I have  played the most. Interesting to see the world of people who are playing. My favorite slots app.
The game is ok but I will not spend my own money on chips as it's just for fun and you would never get your winnings.so don't waste your money. Also I've had the odd player telling me to put in a higher bet with me having a few chips not seen them since so they must've been sent off. So DON'T spend your own money
ADDICTED LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS APP. LOVE NEW INBOX FOR PRIVATE MESSAGES. ONLY ISSUE IS MY MOBILE DEVICE DOESN'T SHOW THE CLASSIC SLOTS TOO WELL. TOO ENLARGED IMAGES UNABLE TO CLICK THE SPIN BUTTON SO UNAVAILABLE FOR ME TO PLAY WITHIN THOSE CLASSIC SLOT GAMES. OTHERWISE LOVE GAME
Every time I'm in the 15 tournament and bet max. It keeps putting me down the ladder then up the ladder. It takes your coins and don't pay out but every 5-6 times. Then maybe maybe 2-3 time you will will but very little then you pay out. Don't get me wrong the game is good but the tournament sucks. I never win the jackpot no madder how hard I try it won't pay out. When I think I'm getting a head I'm not. I'm doing everything right. But I think the C.E.O don't like me.
Just not fun anymore. Hard to get the chips and really easy to lose. I've seen players with BILLIONS in chips and I'm lucky to keep mine above 100k. I've seen other players complain about paying for chips then losing nonstop, so I tested the theory with a throw away reloadable card that had a dollar or so left on it, and sure enough I've been on a losing streak ever since. So I'm uninstalling and looking for another game.. just not fun anymore..
Big fish was recently purchased by another company a little over a year ago and since then it's horrible!! You never win all in attempts to get you to pay to play. The daily bonus is very low for this type of game and will result in literally a few minutes of play time... BIG Fish you got to greedy
Hardly any wins. Very low bonuses. Havent come across anyone who has won a jackpot, im beginning to think its non existent.  Its passes the time for a minute or two until ur broke again. Would be great to win occasionally but in the 6 months I've been playing regularly for, it has not happened once. Loosen the reels BF, let players actually win.
Can kabam give us chance to have our favourite 4 star hero. Kabam also needs to fix the arena conection because i always lost my streak because of network problem even if the match doesnt started. Kabam also dont have to give offer that people cant buy such as 2500 unit for an 4 star hero crystal.I like the older version of the game when we tap the crystal it automatically stop. Not like now it will always give you 2 star even if you tap at the 4 star
It was good at first. Im sorry I wasted so much time money and energy on this app. The problem is if you lose signal on the site decides to conveniently stop working while you getting ur payout it will not register.  And when u ask for help they want you to do a song and dance to get it . But that will not happen Advise spend ur time and money in a actual casino
This slot sucks its hard to win and it really doesnt give opportunity to win more coins. And whatever it advertise is all lies it never pay out!!!
Please start giving away more millions in bonuses.When spinning the wheel I've never landed on the 40,000. I never get to win anything big It never lets you land on all solid Zues....still waiting. I agree with tablet girl which is my granddaughter.  She plays almost as much as I do,  but not. 👌👌😘😘😍😍MORE BONUSES PLEASE. ....Ditto 😍😍😍😍
Never received any bonus points. Also can't collect winnings because my only online device is my phone. Have no computer so lost out on thousands thousands thousands of points. Sad face.
If you enjoy slot games, these are many of the same ones you can play in casinos. The game play is just like the real games, if not a bit looser. My only problem with this app is it doesn't close in the same way as other apps. The only way I've found to close it is to minimize it (bottom left button on my Samsung S7) and then click the "X" to close the window. Clicking the back button (bottom right) does nothing. UPDATE: now Feb. 2017 and my comments still stand.
I have the galaxy s3 & there is no way to turn it off. I have to do it from my phone which means shutting off a lot of other stuff also. Until this is fixed 4 stars only.... Oh & winning could be better with higher bets!!!! After all it's just a game!!!!!
Worst casino game out there. You never win. Spent 10 bucks blew through 35 million coins and hardly ever win. Don't play not worth the time.
It's great, at first, then you can only spin a couple times for free every 24 hours.  That part is lame!
I think I would really like it if it would load all the time. The wolf game screen is black. I do not have this problem with any other casino games. Very frustrating.
These games are a Joke!!! Totally designed for you to buy coins which I don't have a problem with but when you receive over 100,000 in coins in the give away and you don't when anything or make it to the bonuses on the give why should I buy!!! Give us a reason to buy the coins!!!! I have been playing this game for weeks and yet to make it to the bonus or free spins!!! Uninstalling Now!!! Better games out there!!!
You get these gifts of credits and when you go play it just sucks them up no wonder they always give you free credits it's the only way you can play the games don't give any out
Double downs has alot of good games but u can't get no bonuses. Played 4 different machines not one bonus lost about 20 million u can't win it just take all ur money
I give this a minus 10..you can't get a decent win any more. They just SUCK up your chips and want you to buy more..don't buy any of their chips!  And stay away from OMG CASINO Double Down owns that too!
The new update is awful. Ur daily bonuses are lower than what u ever got before. U never get more than 200k. When its suposse to increase ur chances. The win % has clearly been changed and fixed so they always win. Get cut off in bonus games and dont get money back. Always crashing and never get chips back. Ive lost about 100mil in chips cos of this terrible update. Bet none of us will ever get out lost chips back. Creators are con artists just out to make u spend money on chips. Do not use any machines u see these games on cos they will be fixed the same as this. And why on all these apps u never win real money but they want our real money to buy chips. Ur all being conned and tricked into spending money for nothing back. Think about it
love your slots and plenty of variety. I like the option of jumping over to play in different tournaments. Wish you had more ways to get bigger bonus. thanks!!
I hit 2 red 7s with a triple diamond a few days ago and it only paid me 125,000pts! I was spending 225000 at the time! Needless to say I'm not very happy with dd right now
NO STARS AT ALL *@#$. JUST LIKE ALL THE OTHER REVIEWS NO WINS NO PAYOUTS NO FREE SPINS PAY FOR COINS GET NOTHING IN RETURN SLOW LOADING TOO MANY UPDATES ETC UNINSTAL ASAP! !!!
Since the new update it keeps crashing when I try to earn my extra lives, it'll play the video but just as its ending it'll freeze, says it's not responding and close out then when I get back on it won't give me my lives. Extremely frustrating! A couple times is acceptable, but not every time.
I love this game! Was highly disappointed you took the gifts off..as I had worked very hard to get to level 2000. I was expecting something awesome and then they were just gone. Really think there should be some incentive...otherwise I love the game
The game is fun but I dislike that the screen goes dark if you lose the board. It makes reading the items you were least successful at clearing unreadable.  Please make the make it lighter. LEVEL 2165 IS A MONEY RACKET, TOO FEW MOVES, TO LITTLE COLOR COMBINATIONS AND TOO MUCH SHUFFLING TO MAKE THIS BOARD WINNABLE WITHOUT PURCHASE
DO NOT sync to Facebook, I lost everything and have not been able to get it back. All of my unlocks, all of the items I earned completing the walks and all my coins are just gone. I'm ticked I am at an extremely high level and need them!! 😠
This used to be one of my favorite apps, but since about Christmas it won't connect to Facebook. Because of this I can't send or receive lives to or from my Facebook friends. It also continually tries to connect, but in the middle of a game and then it says it couldn't connect. Please fix. **UPDATE** I've discovered that my progress is being saved on Facebook, but the app still says that there's a problem connecting. The problem connecting notification pops up in the middle of each game when I use the cake or combine ice cream sandwiches with striped cookies. Please fix.
addicted to the challenges but some levels are like others. could use more coins. the new update makes the App close when I open it now. I've been playing for almost 2 years now (currently on level 1542) and they keep adding more levels, I'd like to know that there's and end to accomplish the game. 😕😏😌
Enjoy playing the game. But I m very disappointed as the gifts between the levels have been stopped.Sorry to say but this is loosing interest in the game. Please continue with the surprise gifts so that the interest in this game continues also this helps us in clearing the levels. Please do revise the game n continue with the gifts.
It's one of my favorite games. I was over level 700 but yesterday I found out I had to start over. My tablet never went down or I never did anything but because I love this game so much I started again. It was my favorite till I was suppose to get 50 coins to join FB and didn't get them
Game keeps freezing up, it takes forever for the second chance videos to load and most the time they don't work.  If you pause the game it freezes up, in the middle of the game it freezes up.. seriously the game is fun to play but it freezes up.
Awesome game!!  Flawless.  Some upgrade times are a bit long but it's bearable.  Also make hero medals more available for the ones that are paid for such as femme fatale, which I bought.  Haven't seen a medal for her yet and it's been a month since I purchased her.  All in all tho, awesome game!!
This is just like every other IGG building sim game. You build, you wait, you get tired of waiting so you spend $, some person who spent WAY too much $ on a simple game comes and kills you, repeat..blah blah blah. This game does not stand out from the rest, and IGG's customer support is the WORST, they don't care about their users at all!! But if you want to spend lots of $ to be king in a fake world, this is the game for you!
Love love love this game especially the people that I play with they r so cool and take really good care of their people. This game is very addicted I cant put it down and I also dream about it lol. This is the best game out there.😁😁😁😁😁😁
The game is very well done! Definitely can lose some time playing it. Would love some sort of color change for allies or/and family like Green or Purple, would make it far easier to distinguish!
I loved the game for its concept but mostly Hated it for its controlled by the Chinese Guilds. Most of the Kingdoms are ruled by the Chinese Guilds. They make an union of Chinese Guilds & BULLY other non Chinese guilds. They attack other guilds like Hyena. There is no fare chance to non Chinese Guilds to grow up & compete. We spent lots of money in this game but get bored by this Chinese Unions Bullying. Hope the Game developers will do something about this one sided control of the game.
I am mad that to survive you HAVE TO JOIN A GROUP! I am thinking of just dropping the game entirety.
Great game! Shame specific countries such as china get huge discounts compared to the rest of the world otherwise very very good and addicting game!
Not going to lie, this is pretty good & not hard to control its fun, andt  Their is a lot to discover and a lot of heros to collect to fight alongside you as you venture into battle
Its ok just a shame I can't get on my old account, I had built up so many coins and now I've had to start over from scratch!!
It's great to pass the time, but I guess I really shouldn't expect any jackpot sence I don't buy anything!! Never the less, fun game!
I love playing this game its always hard to get away from the game  come and join the fun download the game u won't be sorry  you'll be getting bonus chips right away
Can you win ?.. I've played daily for years, never had a big win or jackpot!. Still no win or level up lol.. joke
Awesome game except no jackpots, spent thousands on chips for this game and it's bs can't even keep chips long enough to enjoy it.
up & down I'm using chips from another device 70,000,000 took that to 6 000,000,000and back to 23, 000,000 time to start the climb back up
I love the game. I just wish you didn't have to wait so long for your bonus money.
It really is the best casino app there is on Google Play.  They give so many free chips every day but they never let you keep your chips.
Love this game. Plenty to do without having to wait forever like other similar games. Also putting down roads, grass, water, pavement, and dirt is free and instant which is awesome! Only little tiny complaint I have is I wish the barn could hold more inventory or that the trains bring more barn upgrading materials more often. Have to micro manage at times but other than that it's 5 stars!
Great game. It is really fun and the wait times are pretty short. It is also easy to progress through levels quickly. It is unnecessary to spend real money in order to play the game. The one issue is how quickly your barn fills up. Then you have to spend expensive green bills to buy the proper supplies. But still, you don't have to spend real money. Like I said, awesome game.
Wonderful game in every way! It really makes me happy when I play it, and it never disappoints. Okay, there are times when it's hard to complete orders, and sometimes you have to wait longer than is logical to get an item (seriously, does it take longer to make/cook a pizza than to grow corn?) - but in every other respect this game is first class. I love it! :D
I complained in my first review that I could not get anywhere in the game without purchasing $. I could not get drops for expansion and for buildings without purchasing currency to do so. I recently started over. Things have changed. I am getting regular drops of items I need. I have been able to expand many times and build. I am now at Level 72 and have spent some $,  but NOT b/c I HAD to. This is a great game and I can now feel comfortable recommending it. Love the Co-Ops &  events!
Awesome.   Edit: I don't know why but I keep losing progress after this recent update. I gave up on playing the regatta this week because it kept going back to the first challenge when I had already completed 3 or 4. I also had installed the Tree of Lights three times already because it kept disappearing. I'm on level 67 and I hadn't experienced anything as frustrating as this before. A little help please, to figure out what went wrong?  Edit: Problems solved. Thank you :)
I love this game! The attention to detail is crazy! There's so many little things that if you don't stop and look closely, you'll miss! Its a great way to pass time. The best part is, you don't have to spend real money to keep advancing like so many other games!
I like your game but i have some suggestions. 1. I am having the storage problem that is common on here because of storage materials being in the barn, at least can we have 1 barn capacity every time a person levels up? 2. This game needs an easier edit mode, like a way to move more than one field at a time. 3. Needs an option to cancel items that you are creating, either for free or a reduced return rate! Also game play is a little long at times, but this game usually always has something to do.
Game is great i honestly would give it 5 stars but 75% of in app purchase i make do not go through and i have to go to support to get credit and it takes sometimes over 12 hrs to get it straighten out... right now i have sent 3 different attempts to get something handled from last night and still no response from support... but the game is great... hopefully support will see this and do something
Had 4.5 billion chips on Saturday morning after spending $39 on 75 golden tickets but by Saturday evening I had 4 million. What are you doing? Their tech support " Peter" claims he checked my log and it seems normal play and all my coins are gone. Really? Crooks!
This is a rip off game! These people are  greedy. You buy coins and they take them back and throw another offer at you. The game itself is fun but they know how to ruin it with greed. If you play it,play for free, don't  buy there coins!!!  Pss.. their support sucks too, they will blame YOU for anything and everything that is wrong with your game!!
Great game , but recently the game has been crashing alot , i had bet 500k won 100 free spins , had 80+spins left and had already won 11+m tgen the game just crashed and asked for feedback where i now lost everything? Arr u serious!!! I'M NOT HAPPY WHAT SO EVER!!!!, i have won a  a 3day xp x2 package i got put off and went back online to find i only have 2days left? , no man what's going on ???? Do something about this immediately please !!!!!!
It is highly addictive. Love the different variations of games it has. Joining the right club has even made it so much for fun. I love love love this app. UPDATE: 2/2/17 I am upset right now because their update for February 1st, 2017 had crashed on my phone and I cannot get back on. Please fix it and I will give you 5 Stars again
Huuuge scam. Wasted my money for no reason. Real money for fake money? Game makers are smart, but greedy.  Until you confirm with concrete proof that the slots are 100% random, I'm not spending one more penny on it, and I hope no one else does either.  I hope karma comes for you Huuge.
Love the game.... It crashes for days at a time. No tech support.. Can't transfer if you switch phones, witch means starting over. Can't save money or diamonds levels that take time and or money to achieve.. Other then that fun and addictive.. Please respond huuuge casino
You have robbed me of my time. Oh by the way, I have bought chips, only for Google play store to send me reciept and no chips! Now you will send me a bogus response about how I need to contact support. You rip me off. You rip others off. This app was really nice at one time... Your updates are only sucking.
Heart Of Vegas we r avid players all of us. It is a game to just enjoy to pass time. U do not let us all hv descent good runs on free spins or games in general. Other Casino games gives us good goes to enjoy so start pulling yr socks up otherwise many will leave u.
Really love the games. They are REAL slot machines I have actually played in the casinos. They give you a decent amount of free coins, more if you don't miss a day. The one thing I would suggest is a competition like some of the other apps have. A little competition makes all of them more fun.
All the game i like but they cost too much money. 1 millions chips play about 15 minute. Don't buy their chips it is too expensive. The bet is too high. Sample you bet 2500 lowest bet if you want to pump up higher bet is 200000. Its such, you buy 2,000,000 chips and if you want to bet higger that mean 200000 chips you can only bet 10 time and you your chips is gone. 2 mill chips cost you over 20 dollars. I rather take 100 dollars going casino to play for get real money. Bonus chips every day is cheap.
Great games, but just a big money pit. I've bought coins twice & they were gone within thirty minutes!  Hardly ever any bonuses or even wins. I actually get more wins & bonuses at real casinos, & that's saying a lot!  I love playing their games, but it's not worth saving coins for a whole week just to play for fifteen minutes!  And if I'm gonna run through real cash, I'll go to the real casinos where I stand a chance of winning!  Guess I'll be uninstalling. Some companies are too greedy for their own good.
I like this app. It can be very tight at times though. Also no way to collect gifts. Idk who designed the app, but even the most basic ones let you access gifts. And it keeps freezing. I have been playing for a while and they still I found a way to make it so you can collect gifts from friends
Just like the real slots but worse payouts, one million lasts about 15 minutes, and thats on the lower bets. Great concept,  either lower the bets, or give out more pays. Would rate higher stars if I could actually play the game and not just look at it. When introducing a new slot, why have the starting bet soooooo high?
Games won't open. A box comes up saying this game is no longer play this game. And there is something wrong with your bet. Never had any problems before. Gave a one star rating. If fixed then I'll give 5...
I paid $9.99. for a million coins and y'all took my money, but didn't post my coins. I want my money back, if y'all don't post my coins. I'm going to delete this game, I REALLY loved your games. This ain't never happen to me before, many times that I have bought coins. So PLEASE POST MY COINS. THANK YOU. YOURS TRULY YVONNE.
Players Paradise much better payouts & free spins. Played today 10+ mins & already won minor jackpot ($400k +) x 3. Been playing HOV over 18mths NEVER won jackpot. Daily wheel av $ in last weak = $2k. Freezes. Have lost credits heaps of times & balance change without notice. Min bet far too high to play for any length of time. Better games out there.
It won't freaking load                                    .
Cant start application
God game
Boo
exelent
The game itself is excellent. Well thought out with constant upgrading and adding new areas to play in. The issue I have is the expenses you have to spend to level up. Second issue is that the redemption coins etc for hardcore characters seems to favor a select group over the rest of us. I would have dropped the game a long time ago if it wasn't for the people I meet and work with in factions .  I recommend the game with caveat to be prepared to spend big money to buy everything.
The events are confusing. There are no official game mangers supervising in this game and you are on your own to figure out the gameplay. Spending money in this game on gold coins has been a scam on this games side. Fraudulent bait and switch premium items within this game. Shame on the people at The Walking Dead Road To Survival game office. Scopely uses Tapjoy built into its game which scammed me out of coins every offer. Stalking, monopolizing, intimidation from the top 4 factions leaders.
This game is horrible. Unless you spend alot of money you get attacked over and over. You can never recover before your taken out again. Kill events are way to long.. no time to recover before next kill event. Plan on spending alot of money to go anywhere in this game .
After the update it no longer loads. I have uninstalled and reinstalled just to play again even if I had to start over and it still won't load. I have even downloaded it on 2 different devices and it DOES NOT WORK!!! So, I am EXTREMELY disappointed...
Game play is horribly unbalanced. One Level 27 player can swoop in and destroy 15-20 other players without feeling it. Unless you spend your entire paycheck on this game monthly you won't advance like you should since the credit card warriors will come beat you down on a regular basis. The only way to be even near the top is to spend thousands, or be associated with the game maker. Then you can bully everyone to your heart's content.  FYI the is specifically about CAN in k87, though I would guess other kingdoms have the same issue.
I installed this app solely so I could give it a 1 star rating. The ads for it are blatant falsehood that steal footage from completely unrelated desktop games. The makers of this game should be sued.
Essentially this game is Clash of King. Nearly everything plays the exact same way. But it's fun, good graphics, etc. Seems like more Westerners play that CoK so makes it a little easier than nearly everyone speaking different languages. It's fun, would recommend.
I liked this game except for it's massively unbalanced. If you have a very high level stronghold, you can so easily take out lower level players. I joined an Alliance and we were attacked by a massively overpowered player and several of my Alliance members quit because of that. There should be restrictions that if you get to a certain power level, you can't attack lower power players.
Unless you spend an arm and leg to make sure no one is above you youll ended up zeroed like all the rest cus china alliance donate max castles and zero everyone else. I Know developer stole the entire game but at least make changes cus youll end up with a dead game like the rest if you dont
Players in kingdom 68 are treating this like some Mafia game. Getting old and I'm tired of playing with those players. I don't spend money for people to Eff me over everyday trying to extort money from weaker alliances on the daily.
Game stops being fun when you can spend so much money that no one can beat you,  then start bullying. . Need a way to be able to move alliances to new kingdoms to get away from the bullying in the game
Fantabulous.... It's Jus so amazing dat I can't stop playing.. I loved it cuz its something different from d others. Not only dat, I love to rearrange d garden and set it how I want.!  Thank you very much..! And yea I saw Dis games add in another game and even thanking d 1 hu made bounce classic coz I saw Dis games and dere and deleted dat and downloaded Dis.. Thnx for everything and to everyone..! Hi m back wid my new comment..!!  I really loved it like anything but only want to say dat dere Shud be more lives in d game.. Otherwise  It's amazing 😀🙂☺
I've been trying level 14 for sooooooo long now and I just can't get past it!  I even got 49/50 and all of the gnomes and it didn't have any mercy on me 😡😣😭😭😭please can you make a sort of (for example) over 48/50 =passed or like 33/35 =passed please. Just a suggestion to make life easier 😊
The game is very fun but it's HARD to get as many stars as needed for each level and the daily bonus wheel gives the same prizes all the time.  It's always the least of the gifts.  If these things were improved this game would be awesome!  The Chinese year game was the same, I never could get past the 3rd level no matter how many bombs I used.
Great game. Very addicting but wish it was a little easier to get stars. Maybe some levels should give you 2 stars. Cuz some levels are super hard. And maybe some more lives. I burn thru them pretty fast LOL. And 900 coins to keep going sucks maybe lower that a little cuz earning coins is hard enough. Don't be greedy and try to squeeze ppl for money cuz stuff like that in a game will only make them uninstall it. I've came close a couple times. But I'll stick around for a little bit longer and hope things improve.
I am completely hooked to this game. The levels get more challenging but you eventually get past it. My only complaint would be that I would like to get more coins for completing the level with extra moves. The most I have gotten was like 20 extra but I had 12 moves left and thats a little "cheap" in my opinion. Im on level 270 something now. Over all its a great game! One of the best match 3 ive played...and ive played alot
I love this game. I love being able to build my garden as I go along. However, some of the levels are next to impossible. I've spent about 2 weeks on one level and that amount of time it takes to get lives back has made me want to uninstall. It just isn't worth it anymore. This game could be so much better if the makers could adjust some of the harder levels so that it wasn't so impossible to beat them.
I hope you listen to all of your players, the game is great, but the levels are way too hard, people will spend more money if they have fun, and its not exactly that fun if the level is too hard or that your lives replenish super long... Its a great game, i have been playing since the pc version... Thats why im somehow dissapointed. Hop you balance the game more. 😊
Fun. Engaging. Starts easy, gets difficult. Bombs make levels slightly easier. You are gifted one a day. I do not like there is no way to earn or trade for bombs that make the level easier; you can only get them by spending money. I have played some levels over 20 times attempting to pass. So frustrating. I have almost uninstalled because of this.
Overall I love this game mixture of easy and hard levels. Receiving more coins for clearing a level would help you don't get much. Level 346 needs to be changed it is impossible to clear 6 gnomes and 12 butterflies in 1:20. It takes almost the full min to even get to the butterflies. It also doesn't help it takes forever for the pieces to drop which goes against you.
I am new, level 17 now. I am VIP level 1. Why is my gold locked? I would like to use it because i cannot win a thing and have barely chips to play. What is the point of gold when I cannot even use it. Regretting spending anything already. Will not purchase again. Not happy BFC!!!😡
Used to love this game. Now it won't open at all. I've done everything possible. Customer service is a joke! E-mailed them, took WEEKS for them to reply, and all I've gotten so far are suggestions for things I've already done. I wouldn't have emailed if I hadn't already tried everything. Oh, and they asked for my friend code to better assist me. If the app won't open,how am I supposed to retrieve my friend code??
Was doing great on slots until i bought a 500k pack of chips to get a V.I.P LVL after that i lost 3.5 million everything i had won before buying the chips. Big rip off if you buy chips. If you dont spend real money on the game its great. Everyone just be warned. If they wouldn't  have taken all of my chips thinking i would spend more money on there game if i lost everything it would have got a 5 star.
It got to where the game wouldn't connect to game server, check internet connection. All other apps worked and was able to get on the internet. WiFi and data both on. So I had to delete several apps to free space for the update thinking this would fix it. It didn't. Tried to open it again, made me create a new profile, which I'm guessing deleted all my money, friends and time put in. Then still wouldn't connect. Very peeved. App deleated
Ive been playing for a long time now and all it does is make me angry. The only way you can keep any coins, is if you never, ever, take any risks. Ive gotten to hundreds of millions just to lose it all in minutes. They want your money and could care less about whether or not youre having fun. Taking advantage of people that have the urge to gamble is what they do.      EDIT: months later and they still suck
For two days now, I've been unable to play. All my other apps work perfectly, but this one says it can't connect to game server. I've uninstalled and reinstalled, still not working. Even on Wi-Fi. What happened?
Love the games but love my friends more! BFC used 2b the most fun app but not anymore! Corporate greed has taken most of fun out of the game! 30 min bonuses nice but payouts suck. Still can't win JP's! C'mon BFC! Loosen up games PLZ!
Can't stop playing it. Graphics are good gameplay is good. High end u stop getting credits and progression takes forever. Less credits less chance of getting chars without spending lots of money.( New updates have allowed more access to characters out of brackets is old review but now it's very enjoyable and you don't have to pay to win, just takes time. TOP GAME )
I understand that you guys need to make money but come on. At least let the user work towards favorite characters. The whole random selection Sucks balls and it's quite aggrivating. When I need milk I don't spin a wheel and hope to get milk! I go to the store and buy milk! Other than that it's a good game now get your head outta your ass and make the champion system a little more tolerable.
Good game! It has an easy and addictive gameplay. The graphics is really good. The game runs well on Asus Transformer TF300TG, even the device is not officially supported.  The heroes' models are well built. Except one. As a Spider-man fan, I would like you to revise Venom's model. It looks too big and heavy and its tongue is moving like it's pinned with nail. Adding new heroes and villains will be appreciated.
I played this game once when it was just months old and now I've come back to it. I'm very glad on all the improvements but graphics are still not as good as one would expect of a production company like Kabam. Guys your game is amazing and works, just make it more beautiful. Thanks. Also add please add new characters as often as you can.
For those of you that think you have to spend money well I'm here to say you're wrong. All you have to do is play the game and earn your catalysts and gold to upgrade with. If you save your premium hero crystals and open 10 at once you'll get a 4 star hero more often. If you fully upgrade your heroes you'll be strong enough to win matches. Also use your mastery points to help you get stronger I use most of mine in attack and my 3 star heroes kick butt against most 4 star heroes with no problem. If you play smart there's no need to spend money to move up in this game. 5 stars all the way.
Super fun, pun intended :D Simple and easy to learn controls but the gameplay is deeper than screen mashing. The balancing could use some tweaking though. Some champions are garbage no matter how much you level them up. But you get more than enough free champions to balance them out :D I was happily surprised how much you can get for free!
Chances are not random. Battles are too easy at first. This game is designed to get you to pay for things you don't need. After a point you have to buy things in order to continue. Game play is great otherwise. Great characters! It's good to see all these old marvel characters. Make the game less complicated and more playable, please.
They need to give you more points when you do win so that you can keep playing.  Now if I run out of points I just stop playing.  This was one of my favorite games!!! I still love to play this gave as it is my favorite games!
Get bonus to gather coinage to play and will not give it to you. Lost millions nothing to do to get it back. Will uninstall if I can not restart and get my points. Not worth it if you can't keep your winnings took all my fun money
Jackpot Party casino games provide a great variety of just how you like it casino type gaming.I find myself playing the new multi level games . Jackpot Party games and the graphics are terrific  .Pay is fantastic.Find myself coming back to these games because Jackpot Party has a good mix.Really like the double play games and the way the games play off each other. Always something new
Such a waste of time. Says free jackpot party ( which is my favorite slot in the casion) but then its not free. What a scam. BEWARE  false advertising.
Used to be fun game to play when you could actually win a little to be able to play awhile. 30-40 million without getting bonus is crazy. Not much incentive to spend money buying coins.
"One of my favorites" , but not being able to collect Facebook page  bonuses from your mobile device you guys need to fix that if you want to keep up with the competition.  But still an awsome game !!!!
Takes so long too load or boot up at start and kicks you right back out too. If I can even get it to load. I still love playing it though.
This used to be my favorite casino game...now it just sucks! I never win it just takes all the money and then wants you to pay for more! Plus now I can't login with fb..tho it said I could but just keeps going back to the same screen.
ur payouts r really bad if i got a billion dollars i still would not b able 2 play 4 a day thats how bad the pay out is im ashamed 4 u make it pay than maybe ill play sometime later terrible🐷😣😢😲😤😭😔🤒😖😱
Over 60 spins in the same game and never  got a bonus.Every time it would start to land on a big win,the reel would jump one time.Just horrible.save your time and money.
Keeps freezing during tournaments, and has screwed me out of several tournaments as I'm in the middle of playing them. Some reimbursement would be nice.
I play on double down  every chance I have there the best and most giving online casino game thank you so much double down.. Still the best online game ive ever played. Thank you. Double. Down Casino .
The game is fun when it loads.Just like many others, after I get my daily bonus, it does nothing. If,and that's a big if, the game does load and I get to play an error message comes up and sends me back to the lobby and my time playing is over. I really hope this problem is fixed because I really do enjoy playing these games.. Please fix this, please!!!!!!!!
Used to win and it was fun. Now it just sucks. All they want is for you to spend money. What happened to having a game to enjoy without having to spend money every day. Horrible game. Move on
I think this game is amazing. I have finally found a game that I couldn't get tired of. I used to watch the show and own the movie but I got out of it but this game brought me back. The gameplay is phenomenal and so well designed that the only was to win is to play and you don't have to pay actual money for that (even though you can). It's just well thought out and very exciting to me every time I open the app up. Thank you Konami and everyone else who made this happen.
The newest update is supposed to have a faster load time when opening the app for android devices. I've updated to the latest version just now to test out the difference in speed. Literally the load time is taking even longer than it did before the latest update. I end up staring at my screen waiting for the game to open for a whole minute straight and end up just getting told to try another time..
The only thing I miss is the presents along the way, especially the blue ones. It helps to stay in the game longer. This is my favorite game of any of them.
Im on level 1244, i obviously love this game,i just hate waiting 30min for 1 life.  It should be more like pet rescue, only 5min per life and they give infinite lives more frequently.. please shorten the wait time!!
You done an update and this is the second time I've uninstalled and reinstalled  this app.  When I start to play, I get Report or Stop. I'm not having this trouble on my LG tablet. Fix it or I'll take it off my phone!
Ever since the last update, everytime i launch the app and X out of the 'invite friends' annoying popup, it cores and force closes the app. I have to launch 3 or 4 times before it will let me all the way in. Plz fix. Samsung note 5
I would give this game 5 stars but it crashes too often. It causes me to start the life over or waste coins, etc. Been playing it for years, but I wish you'd fix the issues.
This is a great game and I love to play it when riding. Buses.  As I've have bad nerves and it helps when I ride for 1hour sometimes longer. I'll just have to find another game to keep me oapie
I like the game. But,  Shortly after the new company took hold, my game would not connect to Facebook. Their answer was to uninstall then reinstall. I lost all my Helps. Now, once again it has happened. I can't connect to Facebook.  Seems like the new company needs to get its act together!
I love it. It is very addicting. One flaw is that it occasionally just freezes stops and doesn't respond. Then you lose your life without finishing
It's great fun, and I really like playing the new games when they come out or when it gives you a sneak-peek at the games you have yet to unlock.  There's just a couple of things  that you  need to do, quit cutting the payouts when we do win, and send us more free coins or tell us where we can get more free coins more often.  We can't play the challenges if you keep taking all the coins away.
Dummy dummy u can't even play this game its,like,playing on a piece of crap and the graphics suck DO NOT PLAY THIS
No es justo que le den preferencia a los chinos ellos gobiernan en todos los reinos y en los eventos si ay mas eventos para los chinos y con mejores reconpensas. Deberia haber igualdad
Great strategy game, lots of activities to keep you busy for hours. Better when you join a crew
It made me start all over again when I had been playing this game for more than one year and spent at least £500 worth of gems on it!
I'm obsessed. I have a guild family now
Best part of the game, the programmers are not greedy with the game's premium currency.
Fantastic game - great graphics and play. Just like that real  thing. If only I could win like this at the casino.
We all feel the same need  more wins we like to play longer thanks
Glad I went back to DUC, getting plenty of wins to keep going.Tablet problems meant I had to uni stall but everything is back to normal now....so...ON WITH THE GAMES!
Same as most been playing for 2 years now never won my jackpot and again like so many others asking me to up date when there is no updates getting fed up now of it crashing and taking the money I have built up grrrrrrrrr that's 33 mil gone today and I only spun once then crashed :-(
Love the new games every month! And the Holiday Decor is AWESOME! Also, great job on the LIVE SLOTOURNEY upgrade.
Great games always come back to this game.  have play a lot oame slot. ..this was is the best
Hottest Slot I've been playing the game for about 3 years now I like it I enjoy it!😄😄😄😙
I have played this game and down loaded all the up dates and just love this game. It's free and cun. There's no hassles and you can win big. Got all my friends and family playing the game with me..
Update....336m gone!wtf??where are my winnings???had to start again!grrrrrrrrr!
Its really good game. Its very intertaining. But the dealer is a big rip off. You hire him fore a day he charges 12 dollars. And if you buy something from him he takes 50 minutes of a break while time keeps passing by. Meanwhile before you know it the day you hired him is over. Then you have to ree hire him again and start the same crap al over again. This problem must be fixed. Its not fare fore that fat dealer to take so much dame time taking a break.
Love it,installed thebegining of January  any d still can't put t down for long. The casino games,match 3 games and the like  were boring me. Usually I dont have waiting problems like others,unless I am  building a few at the same time... Very cool game thanks
Sim city meets happy farm... couldnt ask for a better game :)    OKAY THEN!!!!!    I have played this game for one week, and have to say that you guys @#$!^&) ROCK!!!!!!   LOVIN' IT... Im on week two and have to say that this is the best of the best. Great graphics, playabilty, and works well for those of us who have limited funds, but still provides awesome ...   now ive been playin for a month and the bugs are comin out. Problems with group play and reporting is impossible.
Game has a lot of bugs. Support doesn't respond to any glitch reports. Have a group where several people are having issues and they get no help. one kicked out they said for cheating but it was the glitches . Don't get points, things diasappearing,  nothing being done about it.
Fun game and great graphics. Fun to watch the townspeople! There should be more opportunity to earn dollars. I can buy upgrades, buy down time, and buy items in the market for 5 to 25+ dollars, but have Very Little opportunity to earn dollars. I understand you want us to spend some real money, but I tend to spend A LOT more money on games that are more generous. Thank you for your time.
Awesome game. Always something to do in the town so it doesn't get boring. I love interacting with my friends in the co-op..... Chatting, helping fill orders and getting help from others! It's hard to put the game down when it's time for adulting in the real world. I take it everywhere with me and play it when I get a few minutes to myself ,several times a day. I hate waiting in lines when I'm out running errands but time flies when I pull out my phone and work in my town! Love Love Love this game! 💜😊👑
Love this game. Most games you have to wait 30 min for the next life, this game there is constantly something to do. Except the barn doesnt hold enough since it stores building materials i am always having to sell items i need and takes too long to get hammers to increase capacity.
Its a great game..  good concept and co op chat system is great.. but would like to suggest.. please try to include google translate system in the co op chat because in co op many times not able to communicate with others as not from.same country or did not know the particular language.. so if developers can include a  update that can translate by auto detecting to a prefereed language will be great..i hope i have explained my self
Run regatta for 4 days in a week so that people can concentrate on actual day to day work in real life.  Please provide us options to work on couple of tasks at a time. May be you can group them say for example eggs collection and milking cows. This will make people not to uninstall the game like the way I m gonna do.  It's frustrating to be glued for 24hrs  6 days.  Otherwise it's a fantastic game with cute n great graphics N gameplay. Thanks
WTF, BY THE TIME YOU GET TO LEVEL 10 "YES ONLY 10" YOUR DOWN TO ONLY 2,000,000. USE TO BE THE 1ST 10 LEVELS WENT FAST NOW IT TAKES 5 TIMES AS LONG TO GET THERE. WHY MUST YOU FIX WHATS NIT BROKEN  """LEAVE ALONE"""
The lowest hit rate now in slot rank now waste time. Most stupid games hitting nothing what a waste of time so annoying dumb game don't bother install waste of time extreme chip sucking slot still is syt slot game. Huuuge suck chips stupid game chip sucker fake crap still is useless game wheel stall often no support team to fix this getting worst chip sucking slot crap sucking chip game fake one of the worst chip sucking game still is crap game
Game was great! But now it's plagued with connectivity issues!! It won't connect to my wifi and when I connect to my LTE it still stay on the loading screen soooo FN annoying!!! Fix your app! Also quit slapping stupid offers in my face BEGGING me to buy it!!
Well after a long time I finally hit a jackpot  with 3 wild lines on God of sky and guess what? it didn't pay me the jackpot and that's not the first time! I have noticed it has happend with some other games. Please resolve this issue huuuge casino!
It was very fun at first! Then.... You have to update the app and it takes a bunch of storage and then it lags really bad! It freezes up to the point I can't play at all. So I will be uninstalling it 😖
Games sucks. You don't win win chips like how you could before the upgrade. So you end up purchasing chips just to win a big whooping ZERO dollars in less than a few minutes. And to add when purchasing chips sometimes this  game takes your money and you don't even receive chips you just purchased.  👎👎👎👎  So a big 1 star for this game now. !!
Thank you for a game that actually let's you win and have fun, and the clubs you join with friends is awesome too, very fun playing the daily events. I have to laugh at all these negative posts about this game, it's painfully obvious to me that these ppl  giving negative feedback  must be other game owners   talking chit. THIS GAME IS AWESOME DONT  BE FOOLED BY THE NEGATIVE FEEDBACK.
Everyone in my club can't win at all, game became greedy. Wants to force us to buy by making us lose, but all they are doing is forcing us to leave app. 5 players that were loyal customers and would buy often stopped, because game doesn't let them win anymore and they left app already. Who wants to pay for a game where he can't win at all?
It was briefly entertaining until the "out of lives, please give me cash or wait 5 minutes" crap started. Then I uninstalled it. Tired marketing strategy. Yawn.
The game is very addicting, however in the latest update before yesterday, I lost an attack in the arena when the game suddenly crashed, and when i logged in again, i went down from 2star fighter (nearing 3star fighter) to 1 star challenger with no summoner attacking my arena defense, it was a total disaster! I worked hard to reach a 3star fighter and it was gone in less than a minute. I had lost the chance to climb my way up again because it was near tally. I hope you fix this and I do hope this would not ever happen again.
This is the worst game ever for the games that are here I can go to a real casino and win more money than this crap!!!! If you think I will buy coins guess again you are ripping people off. This should be a fun thing to do but it's not!!!!! Shame on you for even putting this out
Has real slots that are at casinos. Wish more slots had that. Ive looked at other reviews and it's funny people buy fake money with real cash and complain about it. The games give u free coins everyday. Gotta be brain dead to waste money knowing you just paid for fake money. Lol. Send it to me if u wanna throw money away.
Love the game. The drawback is you can't play it long. FRUSTRATING. You have 10k free coins hourly but the games I like playing cost 6k to 25k per spin. Collect coins daily and play the game every other day.
A game designed to pull the money from slot machine addicts, nothing more. The pop ups are ridiculous. Just because you put pop up after pop up does not inspire one to spend money. It makes me NOT spend
It's just like every slot game. There all the same. Junk pays. No entertainment,  poor design. Aristocrat surely gone down the hill in quality gaming. False advertising on huge wins. False  advertising  on huge jackpots. More like money pits that don't spun a win the more you bet. It's terrible setup and graffiti are basic.. just like every other junk slot game on Google .. no difference. In anything. The game is very slow and vary lagging . It's mistake even trying and down load this thinking it's entertaining ..  Google had no idea what entertainment is. Artistocrat is a sinking ship plundered by there greed from every casino in the country. In the world. Just play this and you will see there below the water in entertainment.
I had well over 5million coins.   I play my favorite game Heart of Vegas right.   I played all of my coins and I never got a bonus,  a winning over 10,000 or any thing else.   What is going on.   Then the game skips,  freezes and shuts down.   I can't be the only one having these issues.   Guys please help me out.
Good gameplay lots of fun. Two problems 1. Needs to let players delete old profile etc if they want to start over and not change server instead 2. Needs to give players the ability to choose which character to lvl in training not just random people.
Worst game around. You'll never get a team to compete with unless you drop SEVERAL HUNDRED DOLLARS. Even then, I've seen many who did and still got nothing from these thieves but an empty wallet!
Honestly I love this game it takes some time to get the higher rank characters but they come. One thing i will say is the game has added just about every character from the comics/tv show even the ones that passed but u really need to add Beth!! I think her character deserves to kick some ass in the road to survival! Even Sasha
This is one of the best games/apps out there; I'll admit I'm moderately addicted to playing. I make it a priority to play it every single day to prestige. I've even put nearly $100 into the game in hopes of getting a few characters I liked -- to my unfortunate surprise, I only had one really good pull..
SCOPLEY, the company that created this game  has a "F" Rating from the Better Business Bureau and will reset your game causing you to lose levels that you have worked on. If you spend any money to get to the level that they reset, you will not get your money or tokens back. In my book, this is theft, pure and simple. These people are an embarrassment to the Walking Dead franchise. Don't do business with them... you have been warned. Don't believe me? Google search "Scopely scam" .
Don't believe the "free" Glenn character and that it's a "$10" value.  He's original given like it or not from a token that gets you high star characters. Along with "collecting" your favorite characters you'll need to have a fatcat wallet to get anything remotely worth wild.
I SPENT HOURS DOWNLOADING CRAPPY GAMES AND WATCHING VIDEOS TO GET AN EPIC CHARACTER.  FOR 250 COINS I GOT A CRAPPY THREE STAR CHARACTER I COULD GET FROM TRAINING .  NEVER PLAYING THIS GAME AGAIN UNLESS I GET REIMBURSED AND THEY CHANGE GETTING CRAPPY THREE STAR CHARACTERS IN EPIC CHARACTER. DOUG IS NOT AN EPIC CHARACTER.  HE'S A Fn POS! !
Played this game for a year but you do not receive the same amount you put into it. Scopely doesn't care about people, cheating is rampant, exploiting also, Scopely doesn't care as long as it doesn't effect their bottom line. Tournaments are impossible to place high in bc money not strategy reigns. Look for another game!! Do not be fooled. The game's dying anyway bc of Scopelys repeated and blatant money grubbing. And now the survival road tournament they just rolled out is completely pay to pay. Trust a veteran of this game, there are better games out there with much better developers who actually give a crap about their product and customers!
Scopely will continualy mislead, false advertize and lie to you. The game is full of glitches. The most recent one is in the daily survival road, they showed a polishing kit as reward for completion but did not give it upon completion When confronted they 1st said i will get it if i update the game, then told me there was a glitch and im getting nothing. If it werent for my faction friends i would play this game anymore
The graphics could be a SMIDGEN better but other than that, the game itself is addictive. There is some strategy to it and the controls are easy to get used to. The character models and scenery are AMAZING. The SFX and music are great along with the leveling and armor system. This game, I kid you not, has made one of the best armor systems I've ever seen. It's easy to get materials and the battle system is incredibly easy to follow. When it comes down to it, this is one of the best mobile games here
This game is for big spenders only...if you are planning on playing "Buyer Beware" because you will be spending money and lots of it if you plan on playing with the big dogs.  I played for two years and left because I was spending too much to get nowhere.  When I left I had a level 29 castle that was two steps from lvl30.  Actually our whole alliance left and we decided to buy a XboxOne and play thier games online with each other.  One time expense and unlimited play time...sure there are online purchases for some of the games but we don't need those to play with the big dogs and the games are not nearly as expensive as COK was.  So long COK.  You'll continue to lose players because you aren't listening to the "little" dogs.  All your upgrades and benefits a geared towards the Prestige Castles and the big spenders.
Looks nothing like the ad. This is a junk game that uses false advertising to promote a bad game copying off 100+ other games.
I know what response I'll get "bust the help center in your city" see I would if the game would load! You said you fixed the connection error but the thing is I never had a connection issue until you tried to fix the connection issue! Meanwhile I'm getting attacked and presumably wiped out buy alliances that pay way to much to be ridiculously strong! This game is getting to be ridiculous what the hell are you guys doing over there? Do you have chimps running your tech support? Fix your damn game it would be so good of you actually helped the people that play instead of looking into your pockets.
Lvl 2 bases are popping up in the hundreds and someone found a gold hack  you don't grow 10 million power in 24 hrs no even if you bought hundreds of pack contact koa support and nothing I guess the techs are out smarted by the hackers. And lots of cussing at children in the kingdom chat koa does nothing about it even with screen shot proof the rating says everyone but don't let your kids play unless you want them to be cussed at and don't forget racial comments too
This game is hugely addictive, ive met some great people online playing this game, my only issue if i had to pick one would be that its hard to level up when your resources keep getting stolen by other players, the cupid event is a great addition to resolve this, more events like this please guys
Was fun until i kept on getting attacked over and over again without a chance to recover. Perhaps you should add a timer for when players can attack you so you're not getting attacked ever 2 seconds
Good game fun to play but customer service sucks at responding back. They answered one question I've tried asking several more but they don't care to respond to their customers.
I have really enjoyed the game I have been trying to put it down but failed until I was having trouble with some bits and have been trying to get help or refunded or given what I was owed and not been reimbursed. Unfortunately I have tried multiple times and still not received anything. Shame.
I absolutely love this game! Seriously, it's one of my favorite ever! As all of us gamers know, not every game is going to work 100% efficiently all of the time.  The customer service isn't the best, and unless it's a purchase issue, they take many days to respond. But, it really is a great game! There's tons of levels to play, and they have daily specials that make it exciting, not to mention the sloto cards. I've played for years, and play every day. Worth trying, I promise.
Starts very fun and very interesting. Get your mind going and excited  for a happy future with Austin. Only to be disappointed with the level of difficulty. And the free spins seem to be already pre-programmed. Is this game about investing your own money to get ahead... (to long to complete stages/tasks!)
Either the cost to continue should be reduced to a more reasonable number or I crease the amount of money won per level. It's not fair that it cost 900 to continue and increases each time you do, but you only win anywhere from 50 to 100 coins per level. It's a ripoff for kids who play this game as well as adults.
I absolutely love love the game..great graphics and cute storyline just have a couple of issues with the amount of coins that is required to do the task because it's so so hard to get the stars required because they only give you 1 per game when u pass the level. The coins needed to purchase bombs etc.. & to refill ur lives is so much.. like 900 or more and being u can only win 50 to 60 coins at the most it take forever to get what u may need!  Also takes too long for ur lives to refill too! If those issues was resolved somewhat then it would a amazing 150%
I'm addicted... this is my favorite above all. I've played quiet a bit of match games and can never really get into them. This one I can't get enough. I wish the lives wouldn't run out though. :( or at least have more. I just can't wait to see what my place looks like when I get it all done. Good job!
Chinese New Year special event sucked! I play when I have a quick free moment. I don't have 30 minutes in a row to play thru 6 levels continually only to get the prize. Making me start all over on level 1 all the time sucked. Won't be doing any more of your special events. Thinking about deleting all together
Update:  I am deleting the app.  I have gotten frustrated with the games.  While they are doable, they are much more like work than fun. There aren't enough boosters available without paying and often they dont make any difference anyway.  It is definitelythe hardest match 3 game I have tried, and I have tried a lot of them.  Also, I really hate the gnomes and the whole luck thing.   I do, however, love the gardens and the process of building them.  Great garden graphics.  Need more choices and allowance for  the objects and scenery. I want to decide how it looks and whether or not to put in an item.  I don't want my garden so crowded. I like more open space.  Now, build such an app based on garden design and I would probably be willing to pay for it.  Also, I rather enjoy the character interactions.
I love this game! :-) But there is one thing that just started happening last week which is very annoying. Austin keeps saying I have been gone more than 2 weeks and I am on the game every single day. Can y'all please fix whichever update broke him and makes him get the days wrong? Thank you.
Some of the levels that need to be played are very difficult. There are times when I feel like giving up. We have to pay so much for more lives and too much for bombs etc.  We do not earn enough coins to be able to purchase.  I spend over a week at a time just to be let down.  One more day before I uninstall to avoid me going insane.
A complete ripoff! They made the levels ridiculously difficult in an attempt to get you to spend tons of money on it. The farther you progress the harder it is to get enough stars to do anything and the number of stars needed keeps going up. I've complete 20 levels just to get one fountain and still can't get it without having to get a stupid cat out of a tree. Don't waste your time!!!
Getting tired of changing my review. That just shows the inconsistencies in the management and the app. Odds severely change towards end of month. And the first few days of the month are not too grand either. Like any business, companies need to make their numbers. And you can cleary see  this during the times described. Another issue is games will bet for you, without your knowledge. If You have 500k, A Bet might Be 36k. The minimum amount. If you have 25m. Your bet automatically bumps up to 1.5m.
Can connect on my phone fine. Try to play on my tablet instead and it says I have no Internet like many people here but everything else is working just fine. I also cannot change my name in game on the phone because it doesn't open the input box to type it in
When you get down to very little chips, and the game automatically pulls your bet down, your current spin gets paid on the lower amount. Example: Jackpot Gold 38K chips. Bet 35K, spin, the game changes bet to 3.1K, (4) 7's hit on 2 lines for Big Win of 28K. I proved this a dozen times before writing this review. I can only imagine how many chips this flaw has stolen from everyone. Also, push notifications do not stay off. I'm tired of them constantly being displayed!!This game is for suckers!!!!
Big Fish gives their players more opportunities to win.  They also give a lot of freebies. Check their Facebk page daily.  Sure some others payout more but you lose just as much and no variety.  I've been playing Big F for a year or more and have stopped playing the other slots. Also BF is the only casino I've spent really money in, when chips are onsale, of course.
Most EXPENSIVE "free to play" game on the market! You can't play 90% of slots unless you buy chips. The VIP program is a joke and the game is ruined since this program was implemented. I'm a lvl 693 TIER 13 VIP & still never have anough chips to play. Stats: $5,000 to get to VIP tier 5. $35,000 to get to tier 13. That's REAL MONEY folks. And 98% of VIPs still can't afford to play. Even with the laughable daily bonus and free spins.  DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THIS GAME! Just Garbage.
Great concept of horse racing.  However I bet on a horse to win, it does and the game say better luck next time and does not pay out.  Crooked little program!  Don't bother buying coins as they don't pay out on your wins.
Just rip u off. All the owners care bout is making money. Worst odds of a FAKE APP I have ever seen. But they allow bots and employees to play. Now that's real nice. Not hard to tell the winners are those players.
I paid to upgrade to VIP status and was locked out the next day due to not having a working Internet connection, it's interesting that I can connect to EVERYTHING else on the Internet but this game. I sent an email, no response. It's been over a month and I've missed out on millions in bonuses between Thanksgiving and Christmas. Not happy at all, I want my money back.
The game is great and as long as you put in the work you can get lots of strong players. Ive got over 15 x 4* warriors and 1 x 5*. My advice, find a strong alliance and you will see progress quickly. Ive never spent a penny on purchases but now i get a 4* hero every week or 2.
I really like this game it has a lot of cool characters  I have a request tho. I played in a special arena somtin to do with Howard the duck but I haven't  played in a while and now i cant use my 5 best characters in other story modes. Please in any way can you guys be able to make them sable in story mode again
Amazing game, really addictive and enjoyable. I wish the fighting was a bit more imaginative though. After a while it gets boring/repetitive as there are too few shots/kicks/combos you can do. The developers should think of a way to improve this.  For me the most entertaining aspect is gathering items and upgrading characters. Still probably the best mobile game I've played.
Awesome n addictive game!  Playing from 2 months, got more than 50 heroes now.. Bt the thing i don't like is we cant purchase the same thing with same money of it's selling! And very less chances of four n five star hero 😶
The game is well portrayed..... Every Marvel Character is awesomely represented in the game... Well done, nice job. But I've one problem nearly 5 times I've got duplicate champions but now new when I opened the Crystals. I think that's not fair, i should've won new champions but all I've earned is 5 duplicate champions. Please fix this.
The game great game but really hard to get certain items needed to upgrade unless you want to spend a lot of money. Needs to be easier regular player the premium hero crystals are a joke you can open 100 and maybe get 1 four star. This needs to change remember treat your players/customers right do good by them.
TRICK or LUCK? This game is cool, ADDICTIVE, fun! But soon when you stop progressing in the game, i.e do not get enough good heroes(3*,4*) and start loosing every time. You start questioning your luck and life. Some players get hell lot of 4* champs from premium crystals, and some zero to none!
Pretty good overall. For beginners, try not to buy premium hero crystals. NEVER buy the 150 unit theme crystals. Save your units for energy refills for story because story and event goves crystals pretty frequently. I would say after you get your first 3* or 4*, NEVER buy premium crystals again. Progress the story instead of run the risk of bad rolls. I got 17 copies of 2* Juggernaut in my first 2 weeks of playing before I stopped buying them. Don't make my mistake.
In alliance quest i battled with mini boss in map 5 until time ran out. I killed nearly 90% of him. And then it says timeout with 0 score and he has full health. No network problem was there  Very frustrating and made me close the game
Wouldn't recommend this game to my enemy!! Just played over 400 spins which was over $400 million dollars and I couldn't even hit the bonus
I like some of the new changes...nixe to see more exciting bonuses....altho it's disappointing that the bonus every 4 hours isn't in sync with how high each spin costs . Can be disappointing when you get a million or two and it's done in 10 spins. The payouts aren't proportional to the hikes in minimum bets. Plus...I have Facebook friends that play but aren't recognized as friends...so I can't gift them and vice versa. I think you're on the right track with the puzzles, etc...there should like 20 winners picked.
Ok this app finally let me win some coins I was betting 180,000 per spin and every time I got a big win coins never added to my balance I had 60 million coins and it took them all now that is pitiful that you all have to cheat on a game thate is free to play COME ON!!!!! SAD SO SAD!!!!! Game freezes all the time
HTDCNeed to win more.😂  getting Better now. Need more wins now.I wish that the spins wouldn't abruptly stop before the spin would end ye I need more time v 5 cerulean u dauphin dry kneadd nm end who windbreaker win more
NO face book,my fav.games are on Fremont st, I use to play them for years and since update they are locked,could you open some of those games please. Update. Bonus  increased so did the bets,mmmmm.
Games as bad as real thing. If it's made for fun u shouldn't get takin every time u play
Fun and great graphics!  Its terrible weather outside and having a great time at the"Jackpot Party" It's also keeping a little old lady from being bored!😋
The game is fun but not enough winning spins to play for long. Daily bonuses need to be hire. Need more bonuses through out the day. I get my daily bonus an within a few minutes its gone. I would play a lot more if there was more winning spins.
Most of the time it wil not load or takes a long time to load. When it does it plays fine, but will freeze up. Then will say that i have logged on from a different device. On some of the slots there is a blank spot that should be slots but is not. The game plays but you vant see it. Just thatyou wonor lost and a difference in winnings.
Every time now it stops while I am playing or will not send gifts to friends. What is going on? I have cleaned the cache. I have Uninstalled and installed. It still stops or does not send gifts.
It always stopping & won't let me log in on some days & I can't collect coins. I haven't logged in in days. This just have my favorite games. This sucks.
Well if you could keep it from crashing that would be awesome! Thank you for the chips daily, but I think the wheel amounts should go up as you gain experience levels!
At first I was a little skeptical because the game is somewhat different from the original format of Yu-Gi-Oh, which veterans like myself were looking forward to. However, I gave it a shot and liked how simple and easy they made the game to understand for the consideration of newcomers who want to give the game a shot. The graphics were amazing ! Far better than any other yugioh mobile game I've tried this far. I have high hopes for this game and I look forward to future updates like Synchro and XYZ Summons. ^_^
I love this game im addicted its my crack lol all i really reall y want is for more cards.everything else is great. Pvp is awesome. Chat room awesome. Wait one more thing make it a lil easier to obtain cards from the card trader . I still love the game but theres i bug i guess. i cant get any messages while i play the game. Everytime i Exit the app about 5 mins pass and my phone is hit with all the facebook and text messages i have missed while playing. Plz fix a.s.a.p.
Game is decent until you hit stage 30. Than you might as well quit. Nothing left to really do, completing stages gives you barely anything and all characters unlock befor then. Most likely will have most cards available to as its not to hard to aquire. No legendary cards are available to try and get in some way so you max out capabilities to easy.
It's is pretty fun and nlstalgic. Wish it was more like nhe actual game but it's still fun to play. So far the early part of the game is boring for someone who has played that actual game. It makes you go through the motion as if you were a beginner. All the duels so far are super easy but it's starting to get a little better. Getting good cards from packs is pretty easy and keeps you entertained to make your deck stronger.
This game is really fun but you guys aren't adding anything and so many people stopped playing because of how boring it is already. Please Niantic please put in more updates all my friends stopped playing it too and only a couple kids at My school play before it used to be everyone. So please add a better tracker with Google maps with it to show you where to go that would be great. Thank You
This app is a revolutionary app that has taken the world by storm.it has the whole world playing including people who used to have no interest in pokemon at all. But times have changed and you are no longer considered a nerd if you are a pokemon fanatic. This app is great overall but the limits are can only be so big. Gen 1 pokemon are great and all but we are getting to the point where many people are completing the pokedex so i am asking for legendaries and other generations to carry on the pokemon go era
Only giving 2 stars cause there is no pokéstops in my town at all, I have to go to other towns just to get pokéballs, and why don't you guys give the Pokémon there original sounds like Pikachu has that would be great, and also ... You guys could do something about the gameplay when battling other Pokémon at the gym, Standing still on one place sucks.... I think that's why people stopped playing
It was a fun game to play until they removed the ability to see the full list of sightings and replaced it with the combined nearby feature. Average 2-3 crappy Pokemon nearby but before it switches to the split view the sightings only screen would show 1-2 you actually want or need. They should make the nearby feature a feature you can switch on and off . My kids nor I have played in a few months now because of this. Fun until the unimprovements came
It's a good game but you need to add more pokestops. I have literally 2 around my neighborhood but they are on private property, therefore I can't get to them without trespassing. And ever since the last update I can't pull up the screen to look at my buddy and medals. Please fix. I'm trying to stick it out because I know the game will get better.
Ok. I like to wait to level up quickly, and get pokemon a little quickly without using a poke-ball like any other pokemon player, but WHY is it that the Poke-stops keep giving me eggs just as fast as when i hatch 'em? When I FINALLY hatch an egg, one to 3 poke-stops later, i get another egg. It sucks when you want to stack-pail on the incubators and there is 8 eggs just SITTING there. I don't get why there was an update that causes gyms to be even harder to keep. But besides that, i will still play this game even though it is winter.
First off, great game, I love the way it's made, and how you can interact. But I recently updated, and the speed locks for the Pokestop are ticking me off.  And driving by pokestops will not let you collect anymore, even after we say we are a PASSENGER. This has discouraged me from playing, as I could only get them by passenger or bus, and now I can't. Not to mention the Pokemon CP levels changing! I had a 666 Jolteon that is now very low in CP level. Also, when i am on data, it will NOT let me log in, it gives the "Unable to authenticate". Please fix!!
Love this game too much....I completed all levels available and I have to wait a whole week (Tuesday evenings normally) for new levels to be added which I then complete within a few hours......ADDICTIVE!!!
I think its horribly cheap that all bonus gifts throughout the levels have disappeared and all prizes for Cookie Walk and Bake-off have been drastically reduced....many thumbs down!!!!!
Keep asking for WHEEL FIX (it's ripped me off 6 times). Don't bother.  They ignore customers & don't give a poo. Now they took away gift boxes on each level.
Everytime I get up too level 65 it takes me all the way back to level one why does it keep destroying all my process this has been the 3rd time this has happened
I got to level 1238 and bam...i got knocked down to level one. I've emailed support 3 times for a manual reset like they say they will do and here i sit..still waiting.
2 stars. I like the game but I hate the forced notifications. Yes I do have notifications turned off but I'm still receiving them
Everytime I go on this game it asks if I want to trust the server. Starting to wonder if this game is a virus. I play several other games and never get asked if I trust the server
Had rated 4 stars down graded to 3 because they have taken away the free gifts along the path ... is this to force us to make purchases ?
I'm on level 1615, are there any more levels??  Have done updates but no more levels have appeared yet
Very disappointed, I have been playing this game for over a year and should have millions in coins accumulated. Other games recently installed I have over 70 million in just a few days. Other games past and present also have quicker bonus rounds with better payouts. When you purchase coins with you guys they go quick and same way when you when big. You can play 100k in coins with you and not see a bonus round. Great graphics is the only great thing about your app and several friends of mine agree and have already uninstalled!
I love Hof, best casino game on the play store. I'm always looking for a new game.  I can't find one that compares to hof. I really wish they would make coins cheaper, not everyone has ten dollars extra to spend on coins.Must people do have two dollars or even five dollars they could afford to spend.  If I had to say something bad it would be the price of coins. The game is fabulous, there is no other game on play store that even compares. Thanks HOF! I LOVE IT!!!!!
Best slot game in my opinion! Loads faster than any other I have played. Sometimes you win and also lose. Not fun to ALWAYS win! Fan page has lots of free coins to collect daily along with free spins from others, as well as daily emails. Graphics are great and each game and bonuses are unique. HOF IS FUN!
House of fun slots are my favorite of all slots, but when you spin the wheel you never win anything big, also the more you bet the faster you lose your money. I had 200,000   dollars and started betting big didn't win nothing. I bet it all thinking I have to win some time. No nothing was very upset. but I really think they are the best slots so I still play but I never bet more than 1000 dollars cus I always lose my money right away. Also you don't win when you bet higher amounts. it really is frustrating,the New oz game you never win free games. I have played more than one million dollars and nothing. What a shame cuz I wish I could have more fun with higher payout. I can only spend so much money that it seems for nothing.
I really do love this site! Although I think our bonuses should be better - and bigger. also when I collect gifts and I go to resend gifts and things to my friends it will just keep spinning for 5 minutes trying to bring up my friend list. And it never seems to bring them up how the hell am I supposed to resend my gifts to my friends? I would really appreciate help with that! But I do love this site! it's right up there my very favorites! thanks
If you like slots this app is great. Gives free chips/credits every 4 hours but for more free chips you have to go on the HOF Facebook page in order to participate in their daily contests plus click on links to collect more free chips. Sometimes I collect chips for a few days without playing in order to save up a larger bank so when I do play Im able to raise my bet & win more. But if u bet too much per spin (based on ur total chip bank) you will loose 99% of the time.  Wish I cd Win more contests!
I think it's a great game all and all but the Chinese are way too overpowered and I don't think that's right I think it should be a balance game but it seems they always have an edge for some reason
I think u need to look into the Chinese thing or make American and Chinese server different
Worst game ever please do not waste your time downloading it.
Love just show video on how to play to much reading
Lords Mobile brings excitement to the next level...
BEST GAME NO Bug
Enjoyable little time waster
All around cool stuff. Much like a Rome app on FB
Really love this game
Addictive I've played several casino games. I come back to this game every time.
Love DUC its great. Freebies all the times - cant wait to play newest game on mobile!!!
Im saddened at how stingy you've become.
50 mil whiped out in one hour. Uninstall. Cheers.
Would like to speed up the win process by tapping another key but the game is still wonderful.
I like the games they are fun to play thank you
I love it. So far, at level 21, i havent had to pay for anything. Most games want you to pay for levels etc. I love working towards things like land and expanding it out. I grew up on a farm and once i expand further id like to create what our farm looked like on the surrouding lake. And the animals...cute!
Few Factories goods takes too much time..and what is the need of time in building community community building..?? I mean already bricks,glasses etc it takes too much time to collect and upon that we have to wait for time too... it makes bore.. please kindly fixed it.. i love this game very much and i don't want to stop it playing.. only if you response the said details above.. and many of friends too talks about that problem...
It says you can "pick up from where you left off on any device". I'm not sure how many people are having this problem but it doesn't save my progress. If I play on my cell then go to my tablet it's fine but if I go back on my cell it's where I left off before I went on my tablet so everything I did on my tablet was not saved and I have to start all over.  Please fix this problem and I will give it 5 stars because I really do love this game.
Shouldn't have to wait so long. Would be cool if you could exchange coins for cash. There's no "Are you sure?" when spending for things. Spent unnecessary game coins and cash for no reason. Also a towns person ordered 13 platinum ingots and 2 gold and I filled it without looking. Tell me why its okay for you to take that much for only $1!!!!
Love this game but... It would be better if the extension squares were bigger and a suggestion I wish we could place orders on what we want when the train comes back because sometimes it comes back with stuff I don't need. And I have 6 buildings from a whole year ago that still aren't built... Please if your reading this review please consider this I will rate 5 stars
Don't ever bet high, you will only lose...you put more chips out than this game will pay out so you will have to spend real money to keep playing..... Try different slot games if you wanna be a winner
I actually just have a question.  Why do I always see things online that connect you to this game stating that people have won really moody playing this game, but the game rules say there's no chance to win real money??
Is my actual Birthday on today and co incident i download to play. Actually i play alot game and lazy to comment. But, this time, I can't hold back myself. This game is awesome & really good and addicting. Well done developer. !
This game used to be pretty good. And I said "used to be"... There's way too many streaks of 100's of spins where you don't win anything. Nothing at all! It's sad the amount of people that jump on Google to rate this 5 stars for 10k chips... 10k? Really... Why even bother? This game is not a 4.8/5 game! Don't be fooled. P.S. I wish all you people would stop buying their overpriced chips. You keep buying and they keep taking them on top of making it worse.
I downloaded this &  it refused to let me OFF! I UNINSTALLED IT - (I just read my review & they tried to make me look crazy)!I STILL HAVE IT HERE! DON'T DOWNLOAD THIS! THEY WILL NEVER LET YOU GO! I ONLY PUT 5 STARS IN HOPES OF PEOPLE SEEING MY POST. I LIED! JUST LIKE THEY DID! HOPEFULLY SOMEBODY WILL SEE THIS! BYE!
Math is BS jps are BS they Rob u horrible support. Just save yourself the time don't download it 4.7 rating is bogus best thing about game is graphics beyond that it's greedy horrible crooks waiting to take your real money
After theese new changes everything is ruined... I have a galaxy s4 lte.a, 2gb of ram...but the game wont start from today..they made some engine changes...dont recommend  this game to anyone. Once i gave 5 stars for this...but after this...f....u...
Great graphics but people beware!!!!!! The payouts are fck ridiculous low, there are other slots with great payouts and the same great fun. Gambino slost, seastar casino... Huuuge is the worst slost on the market (excluded graphic), they are very greedy and customer service is crap, beware pls beware. 4.8 review?????? All fake
This is SO fun its addictive! I got this app cuz I saw people were actually winning real $. Rediculas amounts of slot options, Roulette, & several types of poker. I like it cuz u can either play video poker of play with a table full of people! The poker is great! Awesome app for sure!!!
I lost my levels in the game when I wiped it, even though Google play was activated. All my other games came back right at the level I last played except this one. You guys need to sort this shut out...😡😡😡
It should let you choose what peice you want to move 1st. And to be able to pick what powers to have instead of the machine telling me what power to use and when!!
Very addictive. But got to level 290 something and the app stopped opening. Had to uninstall and reinstall to get it working again. 😔
Freaking easy .. so far .. liking that I'm winning, waiting for it to get hard haha
I wake up playing... go to sleep playing... I even play in my dreams... I  love this game
It's a really cute game. Also, it's very fun to play!
It's a fun game to play when you don't have anything to do
It's the standard freemium slot machine. I enjoy SW and have spent about a month at it. It has all the typical freemium elements. Energy system, character slot machine, and overpriced packs. $100 for the Christmas/ holiday pack. I still recommend it if you know this going in. Frequent events keep it fresh. Plus one star for calling it a Christmas event and not calling it a holiday event.
After revisiting the game, they've tackled a lot of points they had issues before and now it's fairly enjoyable. I hate that there are some monsters that are just necessary to evolve to help you advance in the game but that's about it. Also grinding and farming takes forever. A lot of time will be wasted playing this game but it's addictive
Com2us is the biggest scam on Google play. Spend money for nothing ... And get nothing. How many hundreds of dollars are we supposed to spend before ingame drops are decent? I over 300 USD into this game and been playing a year or longer.... But new f2p have better summons and runes.... HOW DAFUQ DOES THIS MAKE SENSE? I'm gonna find a new game and triple what I spent here just because I want the competition to do better then this scandalous company.
Nice game. Clean design, interface and game play. Pay to win ridiculously over priced but free mode plenty of content and worthwhile. I wish the market allowed them to charge a flat $20 for the whole game rather than gouge $100s out of a few for pay to win.
All in all it is a very great game. The design and graphics are simple and that's exactly why this game stands out from all the other complex try hard games. The only thing is the difficulty in being able to summon Nat5* and 6*. Other than that, keep up the good work and try not to change the game so much because it's perfect the way it is and should be okay with just a few tweaks here and there. Nothing major.
Really fun and addicting game. Tons of stuff to do and strive for. Only problem is it's pay to win like most phone games and extremely tedious and time consuming if you don't pay money.
I love this game. It's a ton of fun; great graphics, gameplay, frequent events and updates. I can't say enough positive things about the game. I actually convinced 8 of my friends to play too. Customer service can be a little slow but they've been extremely helpful when I needed assistance. First time, bought a new tablet and the app glitched when i tried to add my account and it repurchased a $100 crystal pack. Com2us helped me out with a refund. Second time, my account was hacked. Com2us got it back to me within 3 days.
Loved this game for a long time, however at a certain point it becomes mindless repetition. I spent a good bit of money, and yet 90 percent of the time it would be wasted on summoning crappy 3 stars. It also seems as though most of the newer game play is aimed at power players. The difficulty is ludicrous on a lot of the levels that give you even decent rewards. I struggle to care about this game anymore and it's sad.
Cool game but doesn't pay out at all, just purchased 3mil coins and nt a single bonus or win over 50k. I got ripped off
I really do like this game, but once you run out of coins you either have to buy more coins or wait forever to build up coins with the daily credit. All the games I played were great they just rarely pay out.
I really use to love Hod but now these are worse than real pokies. Only difference is you want people to spend alot of real money for a small amount of fake money. With no Real return. Worse than a casino
Needs alot of improvement to be even close to the quality of other slots. Can't collect gifts from friends on app, limited bet amounts either small or huge no real choice  ( pathetic really),  wins are about the worst going around, extremely rare to win more than the bet amount. Love the actual games but unfortunately not worth wasting time trying to play as it takes for ever to have enough to play for even 5 mins.
I would give 5 stars...but...i have had this game for ages now an still have not won big...takes all your money, bets are to high even on the lowest possible bet!!!  It gets worse!! The amount of money they give you every 3+ hour's is 30k...the lowest you can bet is 2k...an you never win!!  So disappointed! Ill get more joy uninstaling the game...than playing it...😈
The games are good, but the bet is so high and you hardly get the bonus. Bonus hardly pays. Daily bonus hardly pays out.My money goes in minutes. Go to their fb page and see all the complaints. They only want you to spend real money, which for that, i go to a real casino, where I win real money. They don't listen to player's complaints. I'm not the only one. Save your time and money. More frustrating these days than fun.
Hardly ever win anything.. near impossible to have money to keep playing. You see all these people winning big jackpots but ive never won anything decent. Make winnings easier and ill rate 5  Even the ones in the real casino's pay more than this rubbish. I had 3 million coins and didnt get one decent win or a feature. Its a joke
Love the game. Been playing for 6 months or so, but this last update won't do it. Its saying I need to make more space on my phone. I went from 90 something % to 30 something % and still won't update. Tried contacting the creators but they haven't got back to me or fixed my problem. Been waiting for a few days now...
Fun game but this game only gets 3 stars. I'm level 13 and have been attacked by a level 100. Developers need to redo the raid system. Level 100's should never be able to attack people level 80 or under, they fix the raid system and I'll give 5 stars
It's addicting I've been playing for a long time. I'm a huge fan of the show so it works having this game to play. The down side is having to wait days for characters and upgrading buildings to finish. It would be nice if it was shorter much much shorter!!!
I really enjoy this game, the only problem i have is whenever i go to the supply depot or shop my game freezes and reloads putting me backward on any progress i made in the last couple seconds. If fixed 5 stars for everything
I love this game but have to give it a 1 stars is because I can't link my google/facebook account with this game with 2 different device.  My old device is about to die but I can set up with my new tablet and it wouldn't let me link my stages up.  I am so disappointed is because i have spend hundreds and hundreds of dollars to get up level up and now I can't keep it is all because my account can not link.  .................SAD!!~~~
So far game is ok...made it to lvl 19 cards. 1. First tutorial is good to get concept of the game.  2. Game goes fast to lv 16 earning lots of energy and crystals.  3. Daily activities and arena fights help to get siad energy and crystals. 4. What i dont like is how you have to be light then unlock dark. Wish it was a player choice. 5. Dont like at all how the random character card unlock happens. Player should choose from a list so they can build thier card forms,  not rng. 6. I do not like how the energy
Would easily give 5 stars. Ease of play. Graphics Rock. Conceptually awesome. Only exception is extremely slow to upgrade unless you buy in. Player lvls 3 times faster than leader character. And stamina is very slow to regenerate to acquire needed items. All seem very familiar in these types of games. Understand it should take time but at this rate, without CC, it will take months upon months with very little progress. Slightly disappointing.
Most phone games over-do the pay to play thing. But this one is fair enough. Very enjoyable without spending money but you definitely can pay to unlock some characters faster. But even with money strategy and which characters you choose are most important. I respect that in a game. Great game, the packs can be quite pricey tho. But I love all the boosts that reward you for playing and the characters are all awesomely made
Great collection game. Great battle simulation. In depth turn based strategy in the battles. Plus I earn enough gems from dailies to buy extra energy every day.  Plus non energy based fun to be had. EDIT: A few weeks on and still enjoying immensely.  Ships arrived! Lots of fun leveling pilots and ships as well as my usual crew.  Sort of opened up another layer now I have collected a lot more hero's lots of thought going into who to develop and who to retire.  Team Ewok who did me so proud especially on auto
This a better game and its has rpg setup also i am also a star war's fan as well as a star trek fan and this game has great potential and the music is from other Lucas art's game's and I wish the development team good and good hunting and also maybe they can add a story mode or interactive skeem or rinkel too this game. Cheers and I will contact u if I have feedback or I don't get a item something the mobile strike development team could learn from the star war's hero's game there store front wasn't working
I've re-written 3 to 4 paragraphs and I just can't find words to describe my joy this app has brought me. The only thing I think that this game needs is a chat lobby or a way to message your allies besides via guild. The battles are great, graphics are great. Events are great. All the different characters and possible team synergies,  are great. Very well done Devs anything under a 5 star rating is someone who needs to give credit were it is due.
I changed my rating to three stars for one reason.  The guild matching system needs an overhaul.  Capability to scope the general lvl and guild power needs to be implemented.  With the cap on how many guilds you can join in a day, it's been difficult to find a guild where I can actually contribute in raids at the lvl I'm at.  (59 in about 3 1/2 weeks.)  If it weren't for this frustration it would be a 5 star game.
How about giving us the ability to play cross platform, instead of being tied to Google Play and iOS! I don't want to start all over again on my iPad with the collection I've built up after all this time!  Other wise, ships are fun, and it continues to improve. And can we get an updated Ahsoka btw, older with white sabers :)
After a year of playing, this game can be fun but keeping up with larger players is difficult at best. It will take some cash to stay afloat but can be kept to a minimum if you play wisely. Computer players in this game have been shunted to the rear in favor of phone and tablet players. Computer still works but bugs are the norm and worse than other devises. I like playing on a larger screen and not a 2 x 2 or 3 x 5 screen because it is cluttered. Easier to see what is going on with computer screen. Over all it is a good time killer and you can do other things in between upgrades. I would five star the game but since they left PC players to basically cope with bugs and no fixes it kind of sux. I have a lot of time invested and feel left out of the loop.
I have a problem on COK. Facebook blocked my fb account because I used the name PAC Man Norval as my Facebook name. I mailed fb and they just do not care.  i can now nit enter my main account. I also mailed COK about 10 times , even MOD's and get no responds. I am not happy and do spend money in this game. I am sad to say that I expected more help from Facebook and COK. Please COK help me.
They have allowed a castle to be sold within kingdom 1241 and it is against their own rules. The owner is selling castles for thousands of dollars. Elex has been mailed by over 200 players about this and they will not do anything. The game makers of this game do not care about fair. They only care about money. Our kingdom is dying as is many others. It won't be long till this game is just a relic. DON'T BOTHER MOVE ON TO A NEWER GAME. Elex do not care for the players. Just the boring ones who pay.
Game has been getting worse and worse and boring. Can't grow without using a credit card. This use to be my favorite game.  WARNING!!! DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME FULL OF HACKERS DO NOT GIVEAWAY YOUR MONEY TO THESE HACKERS AND CHEATERS NO SUPPORT SYSTEM UNLESS YOUR CHINESE CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT WILL NE FILED WE WANT OUR MONEY BACK!!!!!
I've been trying to get in for 24hrs. It keeps saying can't connect to server. Please help  I switched my connection,and reformatted my phone and it still says,can't connect to server. This is really bad. I have a p3, 26, and lots of other castles. It has to be something with the ip address of my phone and your server. I need someone to check it.
I had recently upgraded Ryan prince to level 15 spending billions of resources purchased using money. But didn't receive the extra buff promised. Several complaints raised and COK close them without resolving and then again ask how can we help you. Today almost 1 month after reporting the complaint they replied my follow up telling that they are working on the issue. Pity to see a great game turning to a group of unethical scamers.
I love this game but since the most recent update im getting loading circle then wifi symbol then it says I need to reconnect now and it gives me a loading error when it reconnects. This happens within 3 minutes of game loading everytime. Please fix this ASAP
I think it sucks that people bigger than you can attack all they want and people just drain your resources and kill all you troops
The keyboard is good but it has a loading error...i already tried restarting the device, clearing the cache, clearing the data and reinstalling..i actually lost everything because during the loading error occurred...it was kill event...and my city was plundered...thanks to loading error..
After the update i can't play the please help if i don't get on soon I'll be kicked out my alliance please help
What happened?  I bought 4000 in gold worth of relics and they have disappeared.  Can I have my relics back please?
This game needs serious review. I played this game and spent so much money on it for one player to destroy everything and everyone waste of money and time . The game is addicting but you will waste your money especially if it has a bad king (emil) you can loose every thing too easily , admin needs to make the game more fair...only allow Lords of similar levels to attack each other and limit the attacks that can be made . I know so much players quit this game after 2 weeks...including myself . Or allow a person to receive all their gold they purchased if they want to restart in another Kingdom .
Don't download this game folks, it's no good and uses footage from another game to make itself look better on its advertisements on Facebook
Started last week with a job 3 kids and a wife 2 dogs . Now all I have is this game and so happy lol
Was nothing like the trailer. False advertising.
Changing my rating and judging by the response you give to your most loyal which is pretty much zero... How can you make people do quests for a meekly 39 mil and you tell people they gotta win 100 times that to finish the quest... Its just like the sloto cards... People spent and tried winning cards only for you to stop it whenever you want.... Its no fun anymore
I am totally addicted to this Game.  I am a Royal and offer so much.  You get plenty of free next coins.  Love them All.  Edward O'Brian is the best.  My Group of players helps me out a lot.  It don't have to be about the Game.  I just love you All.   I don't know you all, but I love you all. I've got my Daughter and her Friend addicted to this Game now.  You should receive gifts when you get Friends on Facebook to start playing.   Most of my Family and Friends are playing now.  Thank you.
The main reason I'm not giving this app 5 stars is, some of the games don't reward at all, and sometimes have problems downloading new games whether I'm on wifi or not, been trying to download Lucky Derby for about 16 hours and I keep getting an error message.  Otherwise, it's not too bad
20 million in less than 20 minutes gone. No bonus, no scatter, literally nothing. Why even advertise it when in fact the more you play the faster you loose but yet slotomania falsely advertise higher bets you get higher wins. Got a game that starts at 2,500.000 to be eligible for the jackpot. Really? When can you hardly start with this kind of money? A sure way to loose and they wonder why I am on the verge of not spending anymore of my money on this game. The winning is not what it use to be.
So this is my third or fourth quest I have tried to do and have not made it to the end.  If you don't have atleast 5 million it is not worth playing.  Some of the games I have played in them took me about 500 spins to get free spins.  Never have any money to play unless I collect the bonus for a week and not play.  Very disappointed in this game.
The cards are dealt with a redundancy of copies, and then you as well as everyone else is waiting for the same cards. The missions don't seem to have any hope of new cards either. I am still trying to complete the lower level albums, and I am just wondering if this is an exercise in futility! The players need to be rewarded for the effort, as many of the gaming friends are going to the new site. Gambino has a high rate of return, and leveling up. Longevity without any strings attached. Please loosen the slots, and release the needed cards!
Absolute joke. DONT waste your time. Customer support are useless and send scripted replies like some damn robot.  Fair gaming policy? Pa!! Makes me laugh.  EVERYTHING about the game is money orientated. Give us your money and we'll give you sod all in return over and over again!!
Coin packages are a so expensive, could do with lowering the prices instead if raising them. They  never used to be this expensive. Also Can you please get rid of the constantly posting every little thing to facebook please?? It's driving me up the wall and clogging my facebook feed. Even when I un tick to post it, it still posts it 😠😠 stop it posting to fb and it will go back to 5 stars
Game is ok. Needs to not make star count so many on one simple task. Shouldn't be 2 stars to start a new day or 2 stars just to make a call. Very stupid how they have them. Hard to earn coins. HATE the flower box & firefly levels makes me want to uninstall. Garden is pretty. They want you to buy coins. Buying bombs and extra turns are WAY WAY WAY to expensive. Must have A LOT of patience for this game.
Luv the game the customer support is horrible. I had to get a new device and needed help uploading the game to the new device. They responded  1 time and stated if I needed more help contact them.back. as of today I have sent 3 unanswered emails that are blatantly  being ignored! I spend a lot on game play just to be treated like a freeloader; &for that I have uninstalled. No one should spend money   on any game and receive no attention!CUSTOMER SUPPORT SUCKS!#!
Its the same problem I always see with these games... they make the puzzles impossibly hard to get you to buy power ups. You can be stuck on the same puzzle for weeks. I once started a puzzle with two bomb power ups and the dynamite and rainbow power up and still couldn't complete the level. Thats ridiculous!
The reason I'm editing my previous rating is that it appears there's a glitch in the game. After barely being able to pass level 193 I was given the star but it was not added to my account. Neither was the life I won in the wheel. I already had one pending. Idk what happened but I am highly displeased.
Duuudeee~ this CNY game is kind of stupid. Going all the way back after losing 1 round... I totally get the gist of it but atleast give us stars for passing the level for the first time... it uses life and send u back to hell if u lose one round.. so thanks but no thanks, i'll continue my normal game..
It would be great if there was special events to earn extra stars maybe once a week or something. Or perhaps add a star to the wheel? I use to have issues earning coins due to videos not working but that has since been resolved. The game is addictive and the gardens are beautiful.
I like this game a lot, but sometimes the levels are too challenging. Depending on the level, it takes me more than 5 lives to beat it, and that especially sucks since you have to wait half an hour for one life to replenish.  I'm only at level 73 right now, and I can't tell if I suck or it's the game.
I really thought I would delete this but here I am at level 165. The puzzles are challenging but with some thought and persistence you pass the seemingly impossible. I appreciate the addition of the wheel, the ability to watch ads to gain a few coins and not losing a life if you pass a level. It would be nice to activate the bombs during the game as needed as opposed to right at the beginning. I saved for those and should be able to use whenever. Also it shouldn't take 2 stars just to end a day. All and all a good time waster.
I've really been enjoying the game play and the storylines.  The one downside though is getting stuck on a hard level and having to use power ups and coins to simply progress further is frustrating and also that stars are being wasted on phone calls and finding things. These should be 1 star not 2 or 3!
I set up my email to save progress in case something happened to the app.  Well, I uninstalled then reinstalled the app and lost all progress, even after logging in with said email.  I contacted technical support and all I received in return was a generic email linking to "king care".  That does me no good since I don't have a Facebook account with which to log in.
DO NOT INVEST MONEY IN THIS APP!  I had an account on my old phone I did not put money into (I knew I was getting a new phone) and I hit three jackpots in a week and was working with 11M coins on the account and having a blast.  Once I got the new phone I decided to buy some chips to get started since my old account was irretrievable. I could not win if my life depended on it.  I have probably put $30 into the game and have yet to win anything... Scrounging to continue playing in most cases. Awful..
Fun game when you have the money to play.  This game doesn't offer enough pay outs. I'm ready to Un-install this app because I spend more time between $8000 to $20,000. You can't enjoy all of the bigger pay out games.
Great selection of casino games, well laid out, and highly entertaining. Occasionally slows down during busy network times. A great way to play slots, cards, roulette etc without using real money for gambling! Highly recommended.
Fun game. Hours of fun. Odds not always the best. Sometimes go days without a big hit. Best part is all of the friends I have made from all over the world. I spend countless hours on this site.....a lot of fun.  Try it.....you will love it too.  Amazing graphics. Support staff is prompt and courteous. Well played BF......well played.
I have both Big Fish Casino & Jackpot City Slots on my phone. The graphics are great, they're not cluttered up and the social aspect is right on point.  HOWEVER, I know that developing and maintaining an app is costly and I don't mind paying for the entertainment. If nothing else I pay to level up my VIP status to get bigger bonuses but I will not pay to spin zero after zero. I have said it a hundred times, the more I was up the more I spent.  I say try it out for yourself maybe your luck will be better than mine.
Losing is not entertainment.  Paying money to lose is even less fun.  You can't even play 30 minutes on $20.   Met some nice people which is why I gave it 2 stars instead of 1.
"Fun game"  Thanks  Big Fish.  I've been playing this game for a couple of years now. It has it's ups and downs just like any other slote game. The up side is you can chat and make some awesome friends from all over the whole world.  The down side is there are people here that can be mean and rude, their are millionaire one lining squatters, they beg others for chips. Once you play the game you'll understand.😊😊😊 😂😂😂😂😂😂, . ;) :)😎😎😎😎 😎🍷cheers 😃😃😃😃🍷🍷🍷🍷🍷🍷🍷🍷🍷cheers and cheese:);)
Yes it's a free game but with every game in Play to progress you need to spend. Kabam are greedy and have just increased their prices in the UK by 33%. As they are about to sell MCOC to Netmarble they really don't care about customer care. Don't expect any of your problems to be resolved. That becomes frustrating as the game is addictive.
I like this game but ive been playing since it came out and ive still only got a couple of 4 star champs. Now that i have upgraded them, i need to find t4 catalysts which is impossible without stronger champs. Im really get over it. Not even close to getting a 5 star and getting the shards is bullshit. Im very close to deleting.
I love playing this game,I have 2 accounts with different teams. and one I have is not loading ,have it on and older phone using WiFi .I'm unable to install it to my other devices .Now it's saying an unknown error has occurred try later.I tried but I cannot get logged in.I spent money on this account and worked hard to assemble this team on this account. I need help.
Sucks. After a month I am at level 28 at have 47 champions. Only 20 are not dupes. The crystals are a joke. I started playing this game with hopes of playing my favorite characters. Google play always miss what people would willing to pay money for and that's a legit and fair to have fun.
The fighting itself could use some depth, but phone games are quite limited. Overall, there is much more complexity than as first appears, and you've done a great job of capturing the individual flavor of LOTS of characters via attributes and buffs. I've been impressed.
Give a trade option, where we could trade characters we dont use or a way to buy directly a character. And please do something with the duplicates i am sick of getting the same hero there are a lot of caracters there and i keep getting duplicates. Over all the best game i've played. Should do a crossover to playstation.
Would be better if it didn't delete all my characters.  I had a total of 7 characters some upgraded. Tried it this morning and all of them are gone. Only have the 2 starting ones, plus 1 I never used. Pointless to play a game when it doesn't even save your progress.  Fix it
Don't play this game! Played for a year for a 5 star. N got an iron patriot so I gotta pay 50 to 100$ for an awakening gem.... This game game is for people who wanna disappoint themselves for hard work...... Tired of continuously being disappointed.. Your game is a scam and it sucks
Hello KABAM TEAM, I have purchased a new mobile Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. I installed game from play store, bt it doesn't work in my mobile. When i open this game it shows logging in bt it suddenly closed. I tried many times to open bt every time i m facing the same problem. I have given all permissions and once i deleted catches also. Bt now the same problem exist. Because of this i couldn't take daily reward since 4 days. Please do something.
This used to be the best casino to play.  Now they have changed it all up several times and it is just about the worst I have ever played!
I would like you guys to put  the old  version back, it was a lot better than the new version, you don't win nothing an you lose all your money less than 5 minutes, don't like this new  version  ,sorry! BRING THE OLD VERSION BACK PLEASE!
Wish the payout was more,need more money,fun to kill time,fun fun payout,great game love it,fun fun need more money, great game to past time wish the machine will let me win more,need more money but great game, the game is tight just like the casino wish it would let me win, wonderful,I use to love playing the game but they make it hard to win on
The graphics look good in this app!! Love that they have the actual jackpot party to play!!! It's just like the casino version.. Hate that you have to be at a higher level to play..
Unfortunately, this game can suck you in but really at the end of the day you can't win crap and all that pops out is them pimping out their chips. I would rather spend my money on the real thing. Keep your game..I am uninstalling...waste of time.
Much improved  since the update.  Would still like smaller minimum bets.  if you want people to spin 500 times in 2 days then you need to add an AUTO spin feature/button.
Im at level 122,$4,500coin amount thats great love it still cant keep coins long enough to keep playing Great games could use more coins to play waitng four hours is a bit long to wait for one hundred fifty dollars, just upgraded to two hundred tthanks I like the games, just run out of coins to fast I'm at level 15 now and still get the same bonus amount when does it increase I wait four hours for 150.00 dollars will it increase ? I love the games (2-11-2016) 👍  fantastic game's (4/09/16 ) (5/10/16 )  ;-) love it 👍 1/23/17 ) 2/07/17 👍
I love the game. It's  so real but expensive !! It would be great if the games gave more bonus money and bonuses period!
I've given this game the benefit of the doubt and you still can never win I go to get my free coins all the time and you can never win so it's time to delete
Can you please make this app be movable installation to internal SD card storage and removable Micro SD card storage? Because it's taking up more spaces for every updates of all the apps. It's causing to run out of space in internal storage in both cellphones and Tablets.  This game is good for waiting in any appointment or waiting in line. Play while you're waiting before they call you so you don't get bored and tech game in this generation is convenient in waiting. I grew up with computer games to put them in right time and place  but I know this game is so very addicting. I know it's so good to play!
I loved the game. Its awesome. But there are some things that I would like in an update.  First is being able to donate resources and gems. We should also be able to add builders onto a peoject in order to divide the time left. Also if there were a way to convert between different resources. If there were something like a resource converter. Lastly if there was a way to tell how long someone has been offline like in Clash of Lords. It makes it easier to see who is active. Still I love the game and the events are really good.
Never played the game originally, but I am loving this! Very good intro for a initial noob such as myself, and once you get the hang of it you can have some really great matches. My only complaint so far is I have over 30,000 gold, level 9 now and I'm STILL not sure how to spend it lol. Other than that I am really loving this game. 9/10 easily for me. P.s. watch Yu-Gi-Oh Abridged :)
Dude, Yugioh on mobile? Heck yeah! When you start the game you'll be greeted with a huge update but don't let that scare you away. If you were a fan of the card game, you'll feel right at home here - it's a slightly much more basic form of  the original card game with simpler cards; for newer players or fans of the anime, you'll get to see some of your favourite characters come to life duelling each other and monsters come to life!  Gr8 m8 no h8. 69/10 would trade life away for game.
Fantastic. Accurately plays like the real game, really makes you feel like you're part if the anime. But the smaller field, deck, hand, and life points make the game far too easy. Gets tedious very quickly. After not too long, you'll inevitably have good cards and can just throw them into a deck and click auto duel and will win in under a minute every time.
I really like the game, it's addicting since I play Yu-gi-oh in real life, and it's really fun with a new rule set and different characters to use and level up. However, I encountered an issue where after the tutorial, no card text was showing on any cards, and than when it fixed itself, every card I got was gone besides Blue-eyes and dark magician. I just deleted and re-installed and it didn't happen, but I would look into it.
Been a yugioh fan my entire life and this game is absolutely awesome and necessary for any fan of the show or card game to have. Good servers. No bug issues so far and the ability to build your own deck and use good strategy is just simply outstanding. Best game I've ever played on mobile hands down. VR is the only thing that would make this game any better than it already is. Make it happen please!!!!
For those who remember the good old days of yu GI oh this game is very entertaining and fun, addictive and a great game to pass the time. Some effects and rules on the game need working, more cards need to be added as of now there are only three different sets instead of all the ones that are out there. Higher difficulty where we can duel with five monsters at a time would be also a welcome addition.
Great game. Love it. Played it a lot. But lots of issues. Online only, very limited amount of cards you can access compared to other YU-GI-OH games, and other minor details not worth mentioning. But today I un-installed the game and re-installed it and ALL my progress reset. There was a big update today but it wouldn't let me play the game so i thought re-installing would fix it.   At the very core, there is a fun game to enjoy but KONAMI has to fix some stuff.
Awesome game with anime character voices. Controls are simple and easy to understand and graphics look amazing. Card battlefield is simple to navigate and monster and spells easily activated. Monsters are from the anime series and come complete with rare legendary cards. Only downside is servers are down every now and again and are struggling with user load. Please update servers/restart servers so we can continue to play. Game servers are currently down making game unplayable.
The concept is cool and this app is fun if you are traveling a country. However, it is bad for rural communities which makes no since. It doesn't always show an accurate location. This game was cool but I have gotten bored with it. I rarely find pokemon wherever I am and I done know anyone who still actively plays this game. It would be more fun if my friends were into. It just shows how little there is to do in this app.
This game is fun, easy to play, and a good time killer. However, I have had many issues with logging into the game when the servers were down. Even today I am having problems with logging in after I got the new update this past Tuesday. So I really hope this big bug will get fixed soon.  That way I can hope to have a good experience each time I play.
Started playing by teaming up with my children and grandchildren. Unfortunately, the "team" concept is hardly ever used or rewarded. The top YouTube experts are "loners" that bought their XP, rather than by game play. Maximizing coins by team play has never been discussed because they buy theirs. Most everyone picks a team, yet hardly anyone has "joined" a team. I'd like to see team effort rewarded. The game/app itself is great for my daily 5K walk.
I very much wish Niantic fixed this app long ago because no one plays this game anymore, and that was half the fun. Without the community, the game isn't worth much. I'll admit the updates have progressively gotten better, but this app would have been much more successful if these features were initially included or released more quickly. It's really a shame, it was a great way to meet people of all ages.
This would be a five star review love this game but the Feb 7 the update it keeps freezing when I want to click on my avatar at bottom left can't change buddies it freezes and now Pokemon are not popping up in wild I see the ring on ground where they should be but no Pokemon to catch. This is a real bummer I love this game but now it is unplayable for me since update. Gyms freeze on loading screen have to keep restarting. Please fix this so I can enjoy walking for my health
I love alot but there have been some bugs lately. Sometimes it never loads for some odd reason even when my wifi and gps signal is strong. Also, i usually go out with my mum too (She has it too) and for some reason her app just closer randomly... but it doesn't for me. We both have the same type of phones (Samsung J5) but it only happens on her phone. I hope if you read this you can put some work onto these bugs. Thanks.
As of latest update the game freezes when I tap the player icon.  Fun to play, and is more stable than at the beginning. The daily bonus is a great addition since now I have a reason to visit pokestops every day. I'm hoping to get more pokémon or features in the game, since it has started to feel a bit lacking (all I get is the same pokémon everywhere I go even tho gen2 is apparently at least partly available?)
The first two line of the description for this app says battling others...No we can't. Lets go! Give us the parts you told us about that are not  available yet, before you start with Gen2.and I'm still waiting on Oct14.  // new Dec9 Still no vs battle, Still no trade. Radar getting better but still not there.
Vast improvements since the last time I wrote a review. The tracker is much better but still not what it was at launch. They appear to have fixed the issue with music stopping when you open the app, however, the volume still drops when you open it. I'm not sure why it's so hard to just not mess with audio. Other games have no issues with this. Events make the game fun, but when you're at a higher level, if there isn't one going on, it's a boring grind. Need to add more content in the form of more and better gameplay to keep myself and many others around.
I Love this game. Totally addicting, I hate it when I run out of lives. I'll even play with just a couple of lives.
The game is wack, it keep jumping out and taking my lives. Such a waste of time and storage..
WTF, the game keeps freezing!!!!!!!!😠 Why can't I connect to facebook?😠 Everytime I swap any two boosters it tries to connect to facebook but can't! 😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠 😠  Does anyone read these cause everyone has the same problems but it's not being fixed! 5th of feb still can't connect to facebook!!!!!!
Like this game a lot, but what happened to the gift boxes??? Please bring them back! It was nice getting rewarded for making it through levels.
Very addicting...BUT since last update have to start the game twice, everytime!! VERY Maddening!! Plz fix
I can't connect to fb anymore. So I can't get or give lives, and when I re download it won't catch up.
I just went to 2496 to the next level and there are No gift boxes. What's the problem now.
Fantastic game! Sometimes you win really BIG, and other times you might not. It wouldn't be fun if you won all the time(...so people stop complaining! :-) House of fun gives you A lot of free coins in your email and their fan page. As well as free spins others have posted and gifting between friends. The graphics are great, bonuses are fun, and, every game is unique and loads faster than any slot game I have played. Also, if you run into any problems with this app they fix it promptly. House of Fun is...FUN
I totally love these games! I'm sad when my money runs out. There are so many different kinds of games. Everyone should try them. They would t want to play anything else
Very addicting! Once you start, its hard to stop. Love the game play and the in game graphics are just perfect for the game. Its more than a time killer cause its very hard to stop playing if your under a time limit. All in all, its one of the best downloads I've made since the smartphone came out in the beginning of time. Lol!! Seriously, one of the most played games I've downloaded and definitely the best slots experience besides going to Vegas yourself.
Money lasting longer then before. I even won a JACKPOT of 4 million. Having a good run, hopes it lasts , had a couple of good progressive wins , still going strong,  for the first time had over 7 million, " hoop hoop"only one word Addicted.  Only wish my coins could last longer
I really like the veriety of games and how well everything operates.  It loads fast, game play and payouts are awesome.  The only thing is that I run out of money quite fast (my fault) and9 have to wait too long for too little money. Just need bigger free bonuses but THANKS, THIS GAME IS AWESOME
Lots of fun, but watch your total bet. If there is a glitch or need to reset game the total bet often goes to max bet! I have lost out not being alert. Still give it a good rating! So far so good. Silas Douglas thx for the BEST customer service! I Still Fun. Ups and downs....Just hang in there!
I started playing over two years ago. Used to be able to purchase coin packs for .99¢-$1.99 nothing less than $2.99 now ..And less coins for the price! 'll be sure to give HOF a 5star rating when THEY give me 5million coins to play...AND when they STOP being ALL ABOUT making MONEY during the holidays for their FREE GAMES.   Well..here you go HOF...4 stars. You didn't "give" me 5 million coins. But I got a jackpot on the wizard of oz game!
Worst slot machine ever! Even after purchasing so many of their coins with them guranteeing me a "big win" I still don't get no decent good win! Also hate how our minimum bet keeps getting raise each time we level up but yet we still receive very little coins. Worst payout. Waste of time and money
A great game
Great fun game
Its soo fun
Could use improvements
Absolutely love this game. I probably spend too much time and too much money though lol.
Another event for free gem, pleaseeee
I  think  your game is the best game so far and I  think it will stay  1st place
First play seems ok...watch this space
Bomb as game
Only dislike is they don't credit coins won when and error occurred on the application.
High payouts, great game, good graphicsgood job
Very fun and great way to pass time!
I have had this game for months and I have to say that I've become addicted however with this last update I'm not pleased. When the game was updated it did not come back to where I was before the update but went back even further. Meaning I even went back a level, my co-op went back and even my plane history for the past few days were lost as well.  I enjoy this game but that was really a turn off...
This game is awesome... one thing that I would change is instead of having to go to everyone's village that's asking for help. At level 25 you should have a traders market that does the leg work for you with the same rewards from plane and train.
Amazing. One of my all time favorites. Just wish town edits and rearranging was set up better. If you don't have 3 hours to kill, redoing your town becomes a problem when you start really growing. But I still love it!
Love this game, addicted and can't stop playing.  Would like to suggest if some of the item or mineral (gold etc...) could change to note or dollar to buy thing or expand the field.   Love it so much, recommended to play this game.   Dear programmer could you create more things for this game.  Thanks
I like this game! It's fun and very creative. However, I have to object to the sexist nature of the graphics: with the exception of the two tailors and the woman who feeds the chickens, every worker is male. Do you really think there aren't women in the other roles, or is this just another example of sexism in gaming?
I like the games so fat but the waiting time is killing me.. i dunno how many trains i had to send and wait to get the items for the building.. i wish the trains will bring back the items that we actually needs and the same item again and again which takes space in the barn.. addictive and frustrating at the same time..
I have been building my town for 3 years. It keeps me interested. Some games never give you enough money or tools to keep your interest but Township does. Keep updating the game. I couldn't imagine life without it!!!! If I could change one thing, it would be maxing out on tasks during the riggada. I always finish all my tasks days before the event ends. This should be unlimited.
My progress and town have disappeared. I wrote support and they asked me to reinstall and update. It didn't work. They closed the ticket anyways. 3rd time now and they keep telling me to do the same thing. I've spent money on the game and I'm tired of getting the runaround it's your game and you should know how to fix it. I would either like my money back or for you to fix my pound immediately and not close my ticket before offering any type of real help
hey i really love this game and play it all day long. but, it's also pissed me off bcz updating notification pop-up on my phone when i wanna check my township. i did that, and then wow I'm losing all my recent activities. they're gone. such as what i've submitted for regatta, also my plane n train! i've put it back again from beginning. why it doesn't saving my recent activity automatically after i do the update?
Loved the  game  initially,  but now it seems like a huge ripoff...You spend money  for coins, it takes days or hours for "support" to respond. After you continuously  contact them, "Peter " will apologize  and offer you additional  coins for your inconvenience.....The additional  coins should be doubled  the  amount  I paid being that I had to wait almost 2 days to receive  the coins I paid for....Disappointed  and broke
*FALSE CLAIMS* dont expect them to be real with you. You will lose a hand because of your bet amount more often than you will win on a luck of the draw, its totally rigged to a predetermined outcome before you even load the app so if your losing just restart the app its your best bet.... Loved this app until they ripped me off on TWO chip offers...
Don't even bother hitting free spins on big million bets. The payouts gets poorer the higher you bet. It also takes a huuuge amount of data like 500mb for couple hours of gameplay. And really they don't even bother to reply to the people who complain? So only good reviews as seen in the ratimgs get assistance and relpies. Really childish!!
I enjoyed playing for approx 4weeks completely for free. Had almost a billion in chips and then the game sucked them all back in one day. Never won a jackpot while everyone else in my group did numerous times, even in the same day. Reading these reviews im certainly not going to invest here. Im disappointed the game took 4 weeks of fun and destroyed me in one day. 😈 bye huuge casino. There's  other games out there that can actually be fair to faithful daily players.
Warning: Cash Grab app spend 50 million just to win 5 million complete waste of time. Any review claiming this game is fun and addictive is being paid to say so period.
This is the stingiest game I've ever come across. All a person ever does is loose money. I know for a fact that unless you spend money your chances at a jackpot are slim. I wish I didn't have to give a star cause you deserve nothing.
Great game, but giving a low rating until they fix the data and battery consumption issues. Used 2GB of data in 30 days which is insane! Also drains the battery ridiculously fast. Needs better programming.
Many hours playing the multiple games....Never bored......That was my comment approx 3 years ago along with 5 stars. I am saddened to see so many quit the game due to the numerous amounts of chip purchases being made with no chips received after purchase, game challenge bonuses not being received by all team members, chips being stole from players overnight while players are'nt even on the game. All have happened to me along with several other game players and different club members.  My last issue reported to customer support for never receiving a 2.2 billion challenge bonus was ironically responded back to me with a "How are we doing?" customer support survey attached to my undeniable and very detailed  original email to them.
I really felt better and really happy when I got this game
Love it, love it, love it!! I saw the ads countless times before, but this time I decided to try it. It takes strategy to play, so it's brain exercise as well as loads of fun!!
It is very interesting. We no need to struggle. If u play once u don't like to leave it. So finally i say that it is perfect game every one.
I love this game it's so fun to play and it challenges your mine and it's very addictive
Nice addicted game can play offline
This is perfect! I love it!
It's fun and easy game. I like it and good to kill times. Very addictive too
The only problem is it should allow to run music app on background. While playing this game you cant listen other music. The in-game music isnt that bad though. So somewhat okay. By seeing the screenshot this game didn't feel that appealing, so got it from the Google Play year end sale. But I've to say, I really like the gameplay
Id love to give this 4 or 5 stars but although I bought  game at first install, when I go to quit it says I can't save a game in "Free play" mode?  I own it. WTF? Too tired and  battery is low. If this cant be resolved I'll have to use the refund button and I really dont want to... The game and graphics are excellent and Id like a fighting chance to solve it. Help please.              💋Thankyou 5 stars
New update and nothing has changed.  Still have to wade through cheating screens to get a hand dealt.  Let us shut this junk off!  I swear, I'd rather go shop for a used car than play this game; that is how annoying it has become.
I really liked your first survival craft and had lots of fun playing it. I was really excited when I saw this. The game has certainly come a long way but I guess  I expected a little more for you guys to make a whole second version of it. It would be cool if some more stuff was added to really show the difference  between the two games but I still like it overall. My biggest suggestion would be adding hydration into the survival aspect as well as heat stroke in the desert biome. If you could do that it would really add all the more to the survival part of survival craft. I'm sorry I wrote so much but if you could expand on the survival atmosphere a little more I would have no problem giving 5 stars.
Great game, but I'm getting bored playing the same players. Also thanks for the update that no one knows what happened. All we know is it wasn't a roster update so I'm stuck playing with the same characters on the same outdated rosters. At least let us know what's in the update.
Hands down best game I have ever downloaded. I recommend it to my friends, even have a few playing it as well. It has some draw backs... like all games. But it is still a lot of fun.
I love this game, honestly I'm not sure what I've spent on it and that's perfectly fine with me, so long as it goes back to how it was a week ago. Lately, these past few days I haven't even used 1 set of energy, it's become unplayable, you have to resend battle info 4 times per run, you dc in arena, game force closes to menu 9/10 you try giants... it's complete rubbish at this point. Fix your game and I give 5☆ again. Don't fix and I lower to 1☆.   Game has been fixed, I have had no issues since, the energy cap was raised and the game has become very enjoyable again. Good job com2us! 5☆ all around, finally a company that takes the reviews and goes and updates the game. I'm impressed.
Can't have as much fun with other games as with this. But please we need a real battery saver, I'm givig 5 stars anyway!! :) Also help com2us!!! I've sent an email to change server but no replies.. Im in global and i need to go europe. Please do something!
It's just the best mobile strategy game out there hands down. It's the original of its kind, all the others are just disappointing mimics of this game. The graphics could be more realistic, but the gameplay itself makes this aspect irrelevant. Best game, period.
Lately i got crash out from the game... I dont know why but before this still got crash n not so many... Fix this problem... Mostly during raid n world boss fight... And i didnt get the reward after the crash during raid... And i want to suggest for the event improvement... Add some weekly event during the weekend except hoh n secret dungeon... Please consider of this... For the sake of f2p player... This game not only for p2p player tho.... This game will not be interested if its just for 1 side play right... Glhf
Its a great game. Terrific for killing time or if your looking for something fun to play. Getting Nat 5 & 6 star monsters is a bit difficult. However that being said, its an overall addictively fun game.
Well after giving this game over a month to actually review it... What a disappointing experience.. I was stupid and actually paid my $13 many times for a million coins only to find that will last about 10 minutes and then your broke again. When the free spins do come the payouts suck and i swear those "jackpot winners" are actually bots because I have seen the same "person" win many times the same thing. Now I don't want the creators of this app to reply like they have to everyone else on here saying oh u have ti contact support and submit a ticket.. what a joke. This app would barley deserve the one star after a month of game play, waste of $$ and half laggy most of the time. I would not recommend this app.
Fantastic  Games..So nicely done The experience  is like being at the Casino... So many choices  of games to play  without  having to spend a lot of money to play them ,The winning are fantastic also!!!Thank you Heart Of Vegas for bringing the best slot games here, for all of us to play♡♡♡
You lied. No 2,000,000 start bonus........unless signed into facebook. You should make that clear so people that don't do facebook won't waste the time downloading this to play for 2 minutes.
Ive been stuck on level 30!!!!! For 6 months i like the game i really like but even emails to the contact center STILL have not been fixed i play bcz i like the game or bcz i run out of credits on the other games that u actually!!!! Level up on. Yay u guys actually listened months ago and increased my level to 31 and that's where I have remained. All in all this glitch sux cant even delete and start again I only play this game when I have nothing else to play. All the games are good just not being able to increase sux. Making have to use my to update but you can't even fix this problem!!!!!
The payout is horrible. Even the real machine doesnt drain your money as fast as this game. Sorry but I rather pay my local casinos
LOL you don't value our input. If you did you would make the game fun and a little looser so people can actually enjoy the game for more than 2 minutes a day. Bonuses never occur and your daily bonus of 1k is a joke
1/20/17- I thought I'd give it another try. And still having the same problem like before. Read my last comment on 7/20/16 ***************************** I like the game, but it keeps shutting down on me.
Love the game I'm a huge Star Wars fan. The game is very exciting very interesting and always changing updates. Also I want to tell the creators of this game thank you very much! There has been some major updates. The SHIPS feature and missions are great. Raised XP level. Constant special events, lining up for Rogue One. Fantastic way to handle business, absolutely great tech/manager teams. Great game all around. 10 stars if possible.
I just started playing and I'm overwhelmed (in a good way) because of all the content this game has. I just find it a little bit weird that some packages are over $80 bucks. But like others have stated you don't actually need to spend a cent to fully enjoy the game. Good work EA (never thought I'd say that)
Play with teams of your favorite Star Wars characters and upgrade them with gear you find in battles. The game is easy to learn and appeals to the collectors out there who would enjoy trying to unlock all the characters. You can grind out gear and XP in PvE or try your hand against other players. They truly did a great job creating this game!
This game has tons of characters from both good and dark side. They give this feel of rp from the start as you get pushed from a first person room. The room is filled with all kinds of play modes and various characters roaming about. It's easy to transition into. Able to level and gear your characters up. Not to mention they give new characters out every once in a while. Worth trying out, you won't regret it.
A lot of fun. Plenty of value without feeling you have to pay to win. It's a mobile game so if you want to play 10 hours a day you'd have to pay or you'd run out of currency. A lot of info  to start but the layout is friendly and everything seems pretty accessible. Lots of fun collecting characters and now ships. Level 46 in about 2 weeks of play. Not a game if you thrive exclusively off of immediate gratification. You have to work to get what you want and invest time and effort. Lots of fun though!
This game is really great when it works.  Graphics are great, gameplay is fun, great progression system any it always has cool special events going on. My main gripe though is that it will hang up on the "checking for updates" screen on a regular basis and not advance. I've tried everything to combat it: uninstall/reinstall, turn WiFi on/off, update app and rebooting the tablet. The only thing that works is hard rebooting my WiFi router. I play on a Shield tablet and all other games work/play fine.
Didnt think you guys were going to do it but you added Grevious. Thank You! Also I was wondering if I could throw in two suggestions for characters. One is Pao (from Rogue One) and Ello Asty (from Force Awakens) both are light side characters and had minor, but memorable scream scenes from the movies that were HILARIOUS, Anyways, five stars, this is one of the best star wars games on mobile out there!
As with all games within an hour or so of gameplay you run out of resources and must spend actual cash to continue playing wait for several more hours. I really like the way the game is set up and the ease of use and turn-based battles. The graphics are nice and the entire game is laid out very well. Just wish you could get more time out of it before running out of resources without spending actual money!
The game is a great blend of strategy and patience while grinding. The graphics are great. All the great star wars names. Now a new mod battles  makes customizing your  characters more engaging. If  they allowed some type of monthly deal for diamonds and sim tix i would drop my ccard now. As is im still f2p and enjoying it immensely.
To team excel,... The gameplay,controls,and graphics is very good comparing to other games of this type. But when it socially connects I think there is some flaws. It should be easier to connect to our friends on the Facebook ..Otherwise I rate 5*
The game is so slow. When you tap something it will take 30 seconds befpre it works. We need more golds and resources . And more ways to increse marching seize and less resources to increse castles levels. My castle have been level 19 for more than 3 months i cant upgrade it because it cause a lot and i can't buy any of the packs because i am just a little kid who does work.
Please read, my castle lvl is 18, walls 17, I am not getting the CORRECT amount of power! When I upgrade my main buildings like my castle I get a lot less power. COK told me that farms, iron mines etc power has been reduced for castle's under lvl 28 but its my MAIN buildings, sorry for being rude but its really confusing and annoying because im gaining a lot less power. Sorry but could u plz tell me whats happening,  if power has been reduced for all buildings for castle's under 28 then that is unfair for the players like me that donnot spend lots of money. Sorry again
Broken game from bottom to top. Upgrading and training troops are very hard and need a lot of time but you might losing your hardwork for months only on less than 2 minutes. Very unbalanced game and a lot of bugs that they never fix it.
I don't think this game is fake they provide as much as RSS you need all you need your brain to.use them if you think.that this game is a 1 day achievement then you are wrong. I am playing it with almost 1 year I am on 19 level didn't spend a single dollar and even in my items i am having that much if I don't gather I will be on 28 easily just by using them this game provide a very good items all you need is patience and a technique to play.. store and save thats all u need
The Chinese will have a prestige castle in less than 3 weeks you can try and farm your ass off but it won't work unless you spend a ton of money! That prestige castle will tear down your forts and kill you and you won't be able to do anything about it. Think I'm lying I have pictures to prove it. This game is a joke unless you are a massive spender. Best part is walking away from this game and knowing the I won't be spending a dime on this Chinese garbage. No point playing with a Chinese bounty on my head. Your fucktard people run this game.
Great game when it works, but keeps force closing at random times. Will rate higher when it is fixed
beaucoup trop de compte a l'abandon et les attaques des hauts level contre le petit c'est de l'archenement que 2 level de plus attaque ok mais quand on voie un level 19 contre un level 10 ou 13 on peut rien faire du tous
Unless you spend real $$ it's difficult to do that we'll but definitely fun game👍
Best strategy around. It has more depth than your average castle fighter.
Awesome game. Please tell me where to find info on the tier system regarding troops
Clunky map and controls and boring gameplay and you can not fight out battles 2/10 have seen worse
Love it great game there has been few changes much better thanks
It isn't. As bad as you think if you can get it right than its possible 😎
Its addictive. There needs to be a kingdom for non paying players
I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO COLLECT COINS FRM YOUR FAN PAGE IN THREE DAYS!!! I LEFT COMMENTS EVERYTIME I COULDN'T AND NO RESPONSE FRM U SLOTOMANIA!!! I JUST REINSTALLED THE GAME AGAIN HOPING THERE WILL BE A CHANGE. I'LL SEE IF THAT HELPS. I'M VERY DISAPPOINTED!   GInger
So I have been playing the new game "Heroes of Cimmeria" since you brought it on.  That was Thursday or Friday of last week.  I have had one bonus since then.  ONE! In three day?  You gotta be kidding.  Hundreds of thousands of dollars spent to win one lousy bonus.  Slotomania used to be my favorite, but lately I'm thinking of uninstalling it.  If I get low on storage space, this will be the first to go.
I played this a while back , much more fun then more wins not rigged as much as it is now , if you get a win its fixed to take it all back to get you to pay for coins. Shame was oncw a good game, coin prices are a rip off too, disgusting. And the pop up are just equivalent to beggin for money its quite sick!
Like games but don't play often because they do not pay often and continually run out of chips. Better pays would encourage people to play more! Wins have little to do with your bet. More often only get in return a small amount of what is wagered so lose more than win.New game does not  pay at all.Grand Phoenix took all my chips. Have a hard time  reading  your bet info because it is so small.Once again  will have to  accumulate  more  chips to play. Shame because  you  are driving people away from your site.
I'm very angry!! I just made a $99 purchase, and with that purchase, I was able to complete several of the solo card categories. It brought my sum up over one billion. I clicked to enter a game, not even playing a bet yet, and my total went down to 7 million. I paid good money, and it STOLE from me. Please caution your purchases.
Its really fun an addicting.   The only issue Ive had is during some tournaments where it didnt have me listed in a place and wouldnt track the score.   So by the end, I never got a bonus b/c it shutdown.
Try to save up some coins and 2 minutes later they're gone. All they want you to do is buy coins and even then you can't win. Almost impossible to level up. And the sloto card thing they run is a joke . Ya get the same cards over and over again never can close a book to earn the coins. TRY GAMBINO SLOTS PAYS OUT ALL THE TIME! Ten times more fun!
Uninstalled because of 2 things. You can't get past a point without spending money and you get locked out for hours if you don't spend money.  I spend alot on IAP, but only if I want to play. NOT TO AVOID FRUSTRATION.  Lots better M3 games out there.
You gotta stop making up stupid tasks. 2🌟 just for sharpening axe... 2 🌟 for serving tea ?. I recommended this game to friends when it was just  deco your garden. All of them are in agreement your just prolonging the game. Losing interest with so many dumb tasks and losing us as players. Stop with the wasting star tasks. Its already so hard to obtain. This game getting increasingly stupid with the task. Removing 1 tree has now taken 10 stars. Dumb developers. Game getting dumber with MoLes
This is one of two games that I am addicted too!  I play it right away when I turn on my tablet and before I turn it off for the night. I do agree that some levels are harder than others and deserves two stars! But I like the challenge and getting to plan a garden without having to water and weed the thing.
DO NOT try for cheats or hacks that Gardenscapes endorses!!  I am on level 336 and have tried numerous times for  the hack that Gardenscapes endorses and the games you are supposed to load DO NOT even have a valid page, message says Page Not Found .  Also have contacted Gardenscapes, got an auto answer but NEVER got a solution from them. This is a fun game but not enough wins once you get far into the game.   Play GUMMY DROP for GREAT fun, tons of rewards & LOTS of levels that can be won!
Short review? WT? OK, LOOK GUYS, REALLY? This game has tons of potential, however, you are missing it. Have you tried the enjoyment factor of the game or just the challenge? If anyone reading this understands what I am saying, this game could really be a blast to play because it is got that endearing feel and then balance it out. It's kinda more frustrating than fun.
This game could be a lot of fun. Building gardens,  landscaping, etc., BUT, to do anything at all you need stars. The stars are very hard to earn after just a few levels of play,  and when you do earn them, it's only one at a time. Also when a level is completed, very few coins are earned, but many, many coins are needed to get boosts, etc. to help win the levels. It is not worth it to buy any coins. Not that much fun. Could be lots better if they weren't so stingy with stars and coins. If those items were fixed, the next thing to do would be to add more choices of hardscape, plants, etc. Otherwise everyone's garden is basically similar. Boring. Do really like the characters. Butler is great.
Fun to play for a while.  Once you get to the point that you can't progress and your lives run out without advancing it's frustrating and not worth continuing.  I don't believe you have the opportunity to play past levels so you're stuck with an impossible level and Austin's disappointed frown.  Whoever came up with expiring turns in mobile games should be punished.
I think I should be number 1 I passed all the levels, I'm the top person in the world. You would think they will give you more or free things. They have all these rankings and I'm only in the 3rd place I should be in the divine spot, because I've earn it. I have to wait days for them to reload new boards and still don't get the recognition I deserve.
Todays update has totally messed my game up. I can't even open it. It won't go past the orange King screen. Without crashing and forcing close. I've uninstalled and reinstalled and it still won't open. Thanks for ruining my game.
The fish continue to be foolish and mostly peck the wrong blocks. The hints are crazy and following them will help you to lose the game. Artificial intelligence at its worst??
Was a great game. Does not give you extra things 1x a day anymore since update, wont let me keep things collected and keep playing 2 diff days. I uninstalled it
This game is awesome but for some days I am facing a problem. Currently I am at level 1293, but when I connect with my FB account it shows level 925.  Can any one help me so when I will connect with internet I should show my actual level which is 1293. Thanks
I have emailed admin but received no reply as to why you cannot purchase 5 moves for the usual €0.99 and received no reply.  I do not want to spend €6.99 when I just need one move!  I find this very annoying!
It's perfect for me to get a moment of enjoyment in my day! Love the new games especially the horse racing. Thanks bf for giving me my escape from reality. I ask of you one thing bigfish please fix the new games from freezing this is taking all my coins really quick due to freezing up in the middle of big bets and not allowing me to stay in room. I've lost scatters and never been able to get the winnings like you say by entering back?  Please fix. I won't to play please fix freeze up issues.
Past few days I try to open my big fish app and it continues to tell me it "cannot connect to server." Connection is fine. Im surprised big fish hasn't been able to either fix whatever issue(s) they are having with the game or doing maintenance? They should let us know on their Facebook page and also maybe send out an email to the players, I won't delete the game unless I absolutely have to in order to get it to work properly again but please big fish fix this issue.
Still greedy use to be fun but not now! You can't win anything anymore and if u do get lucky u lose it straight away, don't understand why u can't win anymore every slot is zero even when you have bought chips still zero it's just pure greed
The freemium model is common, but this is honestly the harshest one out there. Less than 1% chance of getting a 4* (all that really matters towards end game). Yet they still slap the words "increased chance at 3 or 4*" on the special crystals (if there even is, it's marginal), in a desperate bid for you to pay more. A fun game, but unless you want to spend thousands expect to progress slowly.
Great game, lots of "units" free so i don't have to pay too often. My only issue is can't player vs player live in real time with both playing our characters... Hopefully in a future upgrade. Keep up the great work guys, love this game
Ultimately, a good game, but getting the characters you want is just plain aggravating. It's completely random! I keep getting duplicates and 2 stars. I suggest a system where we can buy specific crystals for specific sets of characters, but with crystal shards. Not event crystals, because those can be overpriced sometimes, but a section with the 'Mystic Crystal' and the 'Science Crystal'. Or preferably more specific, "The Patriots" including a chance to win Captain America, the Iron Patriot, and more! And the 'Spider Crystal" with a chance to win Spiderman, Venom, Carnage, Spidergwen, or something like that. Good game, but needs work in that area.
I really enjoyed playing this game for the first 2 weeks but after you get to a higher level the rewards are no longer worth the time spent. Also way too many small things to list that add up to a unpleasant playing experience
I have played this game for 1.5 years. Recently I purchased new phone. While playing I got OS update notification and I updated my phone.  After that when I am trying to login it is giving me error "Due to unauthorized third party software access your account has been permanently banned".  I complained it to consumer forum but they are not at all supportive. They don't even bother about players. I HAVE WASTED MY TIME ON THIS GAME. At the end what I got???
why does the game lag when you fight higher rated fighters? I you  don't spend money and lots, you won't be competitive. When you fight in tougher quest game lags. Game will lose connection and when you go back to a fight you've lost the fight. Please tell me how story mode is any fun? Take no hits and die because of poison
I like game's each way of representation. It is addictive, best graphic and interesting , no one will be bored ever if it uses less data. I edit it without changing rate to tell that it drains too much battery please replace live background which is responsible.
Kabam thank you for fixing my problem. It took me long to change my comment bcoz im still observing if its really up and running. As i promise 5 star for a job well done. Keep mking this game far more better every update. I hope more goodies will come in the upcoming events.
I'd say it's a biased game. Like people at summoner level 2 get good 4 star players. I'm at summoner level 38 and I don't even have good 4 star players. People at summoner level 20 even have four 4 star players. Moreover, every time I open a premium hero crystal, I get a 2 star player. I've seen so many guys getting 4 star players but for me I guess the premium hero crystal is a 2 star hero crystal. It sucks.
My husband got me my very 1st cell phone for Christmas (Galaxy Note 4)  After hearing all the raves about CANDY CRUSH & CANDY CRUSH SODA they were my 1st downloads! I know - I'm a bit behind times with JUST now getting a cell phone  lol  But I am addicted to playing these games!  VERY entertaining and challenging!  My favorite games I've played   In fact, I've been so busy playing these games - I haven't even checked out all  my phone apps! Lol
Love the game!! Hate the daily wheel! Have been playing for a long time now and have yet to hit the jackpot on that stupid wheel!!! Also I hate how the took away the evening owl level and before that the evening level and daytime level each had 5 lives then they made it 5 lives total between the two. They keep taking things away... what next :(
I changed my 5 star to a 3 because the update will not allow me to play the challenge games. If I click ok from the pop up, it never loads. Same thing if I go to achievements then to the challenges. Also it's taking super long to load past the orange screen tgen when it does, it freezes up from the home screen. This only started after the update. It does it over wifi and 4G connection.
I never used to get the "Candy Crush" hype. Then one day I decided to check out what had so many of my friends hooked on it. I have been addicted ever since. Help I can't stop playing or should I say I don't want to lol
This "game" is complete and utter garbage. Once you start getting to the harder levels, it's pretty much all LUCK. Skill plays very little part in it. I really, really hate the Odus levels in particular. I've had some rounds where my very first move set off a chain that immediately caused that stupid owl to fall off the screen. In my many years of playing video games, I've never come across a gameplay mechanic so blatantly and obnoxiously unfair!
The update from today 2-22-14 took away ALL of my saved lives! I had over 90+ saved lives & they have been taken away! My envelope is completely gone.. I will NOT spend money to play this game! So I guess this means no more candy crush for me!! Please fix the game.  2-23-14 Well I got my envelope back but only had 1 life in it!!! This is such crap! It took me forever to get the 90+ lives that I had saved up before the update!! I want my lives back!!!!
I wished I didnt have to play new levels on facebook.  You have more levels there than on the app.  I dont understand why you cannot just update the app to have the same levels?!?!? What so hard about that? Otherwise I love the game... but lose track when I go weeks without playing on my phone because no level update!
Very attractive game and it's been an eye candy for me for last one month. Really love this game but Supercell should probably provide a name change ability for second time. Me & many other guys are facing troubles with their names. I've also mailed Supercell to change my name and I wish a positive feedback. But beside this absolutely mesmerising game. Love it & will always do so.
Dear Supercell,  We are SRI LANKANs and we have been playing COC for a long time. Not only that, there are thousands of Sri Lankans playing this game since it's early days. It's 4th of February : our National Day. So we would like to see our own identity in the game as other countries do. Thats why we decided to make this request today.  So please be kind enough to add SRI LANKAN Flag and SINHALA Language to Clash of Clans. We Sri Lankans , hope you will consider our humble request ASAP.  ❤COC Thanks SC..
Thank you COC, your game is great!  After the major update last december, this app isn't compatible with my device.  Same promblem with any jellybean os and mediatek processor  My phone is Tinno S5500 (myphone agua rio/explay fresh/wiko rainbow/micromax canvas a120/qmobile i9) jellybean 4.2.2.  Need to pay P200 at solid service for formatting and upgrading to kitkat 4.4.2
This game is amazing. The graphics are great and i love strategy games. It is worth the time it takes to get good. Its great how you can play with your friends and join other people's clans. One problem is i am always low on gold from upgrading things. I always have a lot of elixir left over with no use. What im saying is you guys should make players be able to pick between elixir or gold when it comes to upgrading walls. Thank you so much for the game i love it.
Clash of clans very bestest game  in the world. Supercell is awesome like clash of clans. I'm addicted from this game. Can't complete my each day without playing CoC my recommendation for supercell. Please hear, make clash of clans more creative I've playing this game from 1 year but never boared from this game. This is school of creativity for me. All good players are have told me good things like my parents, my teachers...and so all.....THANKS TEAM SUPERCELL FOR MAKING THIS GAME.....The Lord of the game company is "SUPERCELL"!!
But please can you guys please put more ways to earn gems ie; Like a minigame or a Lucky chest or pick a crate kinda deal... Please then i will rate 3 stars (If you get my drift 😂) EDIT: Thanks guys for actually listening unlike most other games. More ways to earn gems 👍. Dont want 2 sound insatiable but please add more troops... 5 stars tho
Message  Dear Supercell,  We are SRI LANKANs and we have been playing COC for a long time. Not only that, there are thousands of Sri Lankans playing this game since it's early days. It's 4th of February : our National Day. So we would like to see our own identity in the game as other countries do. Thats why we decided to make this request today.  So please be kind enough to add SRI LANKAN Flag and SINHALA Language to Clash of Clans. We Sri Lankans , hope you will consider our humble request ASAP.  ❤COC Thanks SC..
It's amaging . . But we have one request  We are from nepal and we have been playing COC for a long time. Not only that there are thousands of nepali playing this game since it early days..  So we would like to see our own idintity in this game as others countries. Thats why we decided to make request today. So please be kind enough to add nepali flag to clash of clans.we nepalies,hope you will consider our humble request. THANKS COC... ... ...
So far, so good. While the game has some in-app purchases that can facilitate acquiring better cards more quickly, it isn't to the degree that you have to pay to play. You can advance and get better based off skill and time put into the game. I sincerely hope the developers aren't trying to pull people in, then start unleashing content that you have to pay for. Unless/until that happens, 5 stars.
Only had the game a few weeks, honestly it is AMAZING! Brings back the legendary card game of my childhood and the dreams of playing. Now I can finally battle with monsters and everything! Haven't explored the online duels yet against others but I'm sure it's good. The gameplay, graphics and ease of play is just quality, it's a brilliant app!
I love this game a lot. The animations are great, the decks are fun, and the opponents are challenging at higher levels. The only complaint I really have is not having the 5x2 field. That and the booster packs don't change often enough. It would be nice to cycle between 10 or so packs every couple of days. That way we can have a nice variety. Everything else is fantastic though. I've decided to play this over star wars force arena and I regret nothing.
This game is a reflection of my childhood. It brings back a lot of memories. The game itself has a great interface, very clear, and easy to get used to. The game IS cross-platform so Android vs. Apple is not a problem.  The only complaints I could think of is that internet connection is always required and the server maintenance usually occurs during the time I lay down in bed and want to duel a few times before I sleep.  Overall, this game is highly recommended, highly addicting, and easily one of the best games I've played on a phone.
Very adictive, konami cant keep the servers up for more than 5 hours in a row but the gameplay is very good, game is very rng reliant in most deck unless you play bandit keith as he can swap out cards or molligan. Overall very very good and perfect for people who use to play the game in their youth and newcomers. DEN/DEN
An honest review. I would like to give this game 5 stars. I'm not going too though The devs are good. The gameplay is good but they need to either expand the playing most to give a side or remove some cards i.e. ones that rely on having multiple creature types i.e. machine king. The main I can't give it 5 stars is the amount of times I attempt to log in only to be told the servers are full.plan ahead or at least be flexible in your development.
Wow! Talk about bringing back feelings of nostalgia! This game is super polished without feeling like it's a huge cash grab. There's definitely a lot of luck involved with getting the best cards but isn't that all card games? Potential for high levels of getting addicted, also huge potential for high levels of fun! I've had zero problems getting connected in pvp matches so I expect the community to be around for a while.
Addictive, yet most recent update shuts you off mid-duel. I won that duel-world duel, but couldn't collect the rewards. It says they are staggering letting people log on because there are too many, but how about the people whom were already in and mid-play? If they fix this, the game is awesome. If you liked dueling before XYZ and all of that stuff, then this gives you a feel like what it was to duel when the seasons with Yugi and friend were still coming out.
I love the game and the hole idea, best one out there so far. Just needs a few things. 7000 life points 4 cards on the field  60 cards like it say in the rules  Should be able to train cards with others player  More card packs to pic from  Just thing I feel should be there but is not
Use to love the game. But the 3rd party people help find the ones that r close by since the loss of footsteps. Bring back the trackers!!!!!! How much s**t do u have to get from ur loyal and paying customers b4 u actually do something right. Sell the rights back to nintendo so the game isnt totally f***ed
Would be even better if you could trade items for other items and also if there was something to do when there are no pokemon/stops nearby and you have transferred/evolved everything. Maybe a way to earn extra star dust? Also, just got a go plus and keep getting low on poke balls.  Would be good if you could program it to use great balls for level 400 and above pokemon and ultra balls for above 900.
Not bad, but it needs a pedometer function. None of the paperwork suggests that the Plus adds this feature, either. Yes, I know, it's called Pokemon GO, and that's all well and good for getting out and catching pokemon or visiting gyms and Pokestops. But when the weather's nasty, it'd be nice if I could at least hatch my eggs when I hop on the treadmill. Likewise when I'm on my (short) lunch break, GPS can't tell that I'm moving around at work, and I don't have time to leave for the purpose.
As a long time fan of pokemon I'm excited to catch and evolve pokemon. As a hitchhiker I'm excited for ways to make my travels more fun (and I got a good laugh when I saw willow dressed as a traveler). The AR never works (flips my camera upside down) and it usually crashes when I hit the trainer tab. In some towns all of the gyms are too powerful and I can't even bother with them. Overall I like this game and think it's a great start for a new way of pokemon.
So I played it with my son. Enjoyed going tracking catching pokemon. Then the updates......niantic unfortunately doesn't communicate. Maybe go look at patch notes for something like LOL or DoTA. Maybe hire someone competent to communicate with the people your product is sold too..... Maybe there is a pokemon close maybe not....Maybe we can play the game maybe not..... Maybe we get a tracker maybe not...Maybe third party trackers are more competent then niantic can produce. No maybe on the last one
Issues- pokemon are very specific. 8 don't know about anyone else but I can't pack my bags and fly across the usa to catch a vulpix, I had a lot of connection issues (but not since I got a better phone)  Pro's- Its fun, addictive, it's a game I can play with friends and family and get some bragging rights over what I caught. Overall: you could make this infinitely more fun by making the game more arcade like. More pokemon (less pidgeys and ratatas).
This game is so awesome on my phone. But my phone has decided to break down. I've got this on my Samsung galaxy tab 4 but it won't work. It goes through " create your own design " or something like that. I press the tick, cause I know what I have to do, and it came up with the words, pokemon go has stopped. Please fix this bug so I can play this awesome game on my tablet,  this is why I'm putting 4 stars
I've been playing since the game came out. Overall it's been a Rollercoaster. I just purchased the go plus.  I like the fact that I can play while i work. The response speed when catching a pokemon is quick, but getting a pokestop is super delayed. By the time I press the go plus I'm a block to far from it. Please update the speed of the go plus on pokestops and let us use great balls once our regular pokeballs run out.
Please be working on more levels I'm moving through the boards pretty quick I'm done with the last level 2575 need more. Thanks
I've completed almost 15 levels for the new air ship but only have gotten credit for 11 😭😡 i play this game all day every day smh .not sure way the problem is but would appreciate if u could fix . if weren't for that id give 5 stars.
Do love cookie jam bit what's happened to the gift boxes on certain levels!!! I'd put 5 star if they were back
There are many Similar games our there and this is pretty much the same although one of the rules is different
I love this game, been playing for 3 years, but what happened to the presents??! A little incentive goes a long way guys, bring them back please!
Just updated today and it keeps kicking me off. Please fix this update ASAP
I dont know what the company did, but you never win on here anymore. Even if you get a bonus, you dont win anything. For the last month I believe I had about 2 to 3 bonus games and then the money is gone. They want you to buy stuff or rate the game. I think thats all they are worried about. This app will be deleted with more negative reviews if it doesnt change.
I Play very often and a few   months back I was playing a game and won the Jackpot of 12 million but never got a coin of the 12 million. The coins that are given out are no more than 7,500 and not to give names it's a game that gives 250,000 and up Everyday 3-4×'s a day
Been playing this game for years. My whole goal has been to try to get way ahead. It never happens. I am always having to purchase coins to continue playing. I have spent so much money, and as soon as my coins are gone I will stop playing. It's ridiculous that I can't play anymore than I do without having to buy more coins.
It's nothing but a joke anymore!! When it first came out it was a lot of fun.. Now it's nothing but a money sucker !! Come play Gambino definitely better.. HOF don't care if we win or lose there all about us spending money on there rigged game.. Nothing ever changes.. Loosen up HOF come on.. Take take and more take ugh.. BS
Love тнιѕ gaмe. So addicting & so colorful. I don't  get  enough free spins to build up some money to keep playing.im still not getting enough free spins to build up my points. Love playing this game.awesome casino.
While I love the games and graphics, payouts are low most of the time. You have to wait 3 hours to get free coins where most other sites are 1 to 2 hours. Buying additional coins is expensive for low amount of coins. Other sites will offer 1 Mill for 99 cents. I really love playing these games but will have to consider other sites.
It is fan
Its ok
I think is the best games but its not in font of minescraft
Simply nice
Good game
Awesome game
Time to upgrade is too long...
Otherwise good but lacking in (a) opportunity to interact with other players, (b) difficult to get expansion tools, and (c) really needs to improve its tutorial and help.. Will give it a try for couple weeks then uninstall.
I can't stop playing this game. I love how busy it keeps you. My one complaint is how long it takes items in the factories. I don't think any item should take longer than an hour. I only put the game down because I have to wait for things to grow or be made. Way to much time waiting.
Quit buying lost 30+ billion in 10 days been playing for 6 months have hit 2 jackpots not good at all. Don't know how much longer I'm going to play. They still owe me around 1 Billion that they didn't pay when I won.
This game has been terrible as soon as i spent money started losing. Not an uncommon problem from what im hearing. Counting down the days until my pass is up and ill probably uninstall. DO NOT GIVE THEM MONEY!
01/17/17: this is a great app with a lot of variety. It is very addictive but can cost you a lot of money. I have seen this many many times and it seems the more you buy the more you lose ... go figure. Don't say I didn't warn you.
I used to like this app but now I don't because there are other players on this app ripping other people  out of their winnings because  I had seven million in  chips now I'm down chips to two thousand  chips in just two days I'm not happy with this app I just took it off my phone I spent over two hundred dollars of my money  and what chips did I get just two thousand  not good enough for me I'm done with this app don't expect  me back
This game is  complete ripoff...they cheat and change there slot payouts if people are winning and update a lot so they can try to get people to spend real money... the spin to win ratio is like 20:1. So you do nothing but lose all the time ....!!!!  AVOID THIS GAME!!!
The game used to be so fun until a update... Now you lose more than you win and its impossible to keep playing unless you plough money into it every single day. Do not download this waste of space,  scamming piece of crap game.  Also they say it's the industry standard for Slots games hahaha it doesn't even payout real cash it's a game,  so saying the payouts are this way because they are industry standards is BS.  Rant over..  I'v spent a lot of money on this game,  it used to be fun and I would not mind spending,  but they won't get any of my money until the payout percent is better than 1/13 for a app...
It is a pretty cool game except it gets boring after a few dozen levels
Good game time passer
Addictive beats candy crush
Very fun for little ones
Love playing the game.
On my Kindle it won't let me connect to face book account 😱😰😨😢⚰💀👀
Why doesn't my game auto save anymore? Really fun really good game to pick up and play for a few minutes here and there but I don't want to redo levels I've already done. Finished an entire board a week ago turned it on today and nothing saved. Will give 5 stars after this is fixed.
Not a big fan of puzzle games, but after I completed all the levels here, I had to come back and play again to complete all the objectives. The graphics is excellent and puzzles pose just the right amount of challenge. If you have not played or liked any puzzle games yet, you need to play this.
this is the game you want. they took an original franchise and twisted it into a very addictive puzzle. Challenging from the very beginning! you will need all your wits to guide agent 47 to the finish!  The latest edition no longer shows the achievements. Annoying!
As someone who really enjoys board games I really appreciate the asthetic of hitman go. I wish there was a way of changing the controls so that you could just tap to move as opposed to swipe, small gripe but I think this change would make the game a little faster. The challenge is good, just enough so that you can cram your brain to get all the objectives done for each level without leaving you getting helpless or making each level take to long. Considering the price of it at the time of my review (0.79p) I would recommend it to anyone.
Hate when apps are updated and leave a fresh install. Thankfully had only just purchased in the sale and played a few levels so wasn't much of a loss but could have been! Tried login with Google account but never changed anything so doesn't seem to save anywhere automatically so once deleted or updated all is reset!
Game designers have made an impression with this minimalist design and gameplay; the puzzling gameplay invokes brainpower in order to complete the level. Not one bit of dissatisfaction, therefore another satisfied game player Square Enix.
I really liked the board game aesthetic and the minimal music. The gameplay is fine, but I didnt like struggling with levels and accidentally stumbling onto the solution to that level. It felt unsatisfactory. It's less a complaint with the game than it's me lamenting my sucky puzzle solving skills. Get the game. Good for that commute to work.
I really liked this game until I noticed that my progress wasn't saving.  Google Play has a record of my achievements but I can't resume from where I was.  I'm disappointed but hoping an update will fix it.
It gets a little repetitive after playing 1-2 chapters. It's sound and music isn't good. No story to keep you hooked. Still at 0.99$, it's a decent game.
Thoroughly enjoyed this game. Graphics, tasks & puzzles are superb.  Only thing was I seemed to have unearthed a bug during one of the chapters. Checked the walkthrough and it wasn't working as it should so I emailed for help and got a reply within hours! Though I started the chapter again as advised it didn't work but an uninstall & reinstall solved it. Finished the game and the epilogue. Great game and great support. On to The Room Two methinks ...
An absolute MUST for puzzle adventurers. Spoiler alert. Do not read further. My Galaxy S6+ does not properly use the gyro feature thus making it impossible for me to solve the Chapter 2 orb puzzle. I am changing my 5 star rating to a 1 star rating until resolved. Thank you.
This is great! It's a puzzle-solving game in the mould of Myst, without all the tedious travelling around between locations, because it's all set within a single room. The puzzles aren't impossible to solve, or even particularly difficult. The enjoyment comes from working methodically through each puzzle to get the clue needed to solve the next one. And there are a lot of puzzles. Excellently well done. There are also hints available along the way, should you get stuck, although most of them state the obvious.   Worked well on my Note4. Would be wonderful on a tablet.
I thought, "It's free. Why not?" Silly me. I devoured this free one, then promptly bought the next one... then the next. I have NO regrets. They truly put a tremendous amount of work into these games. I would have given all three five stars but there is an aggregating object manipulation/viewing angles issue, but aside from that these three games are excellent. Great fun, extremely addictive.
Love the atmosphere of this game. The sense of mystery pulling you deeper, the feeling of wonder as you discover the next stage in the puzzle. Touch controls mostly feel intuitive,  and the solutions to the puzzles never felt like they were obscure or forced you into pixel hunting. The few occasions I got stuck I found the hint system helped me out without just telling me the solution. Very well put together game.
The epilogue makes this game amazing...the end made my skin crawl, in the best way! The atmospheric sounds are haunting and unnerving. The puzzles are excellent. They have an almost physical feel. And the hints give just enough of a bump in the right direction. This is a quality game, well worth the purchase. It's no wonder it comes up after a search for "Myst." I will be buying the next games from this developer.
I am a huge Myst fan. Played every Myst game including Riven. It's been so hard to find games that are similar. Now we have The Room and even though I'm a little late to the Room party, I finally feel I have a game similar to Myst. It's beautiful. It runs perfectly with no hiccups or issues, and the puzzles are fun to try and solve even though they can be tough. And that's the real thing here: the game is fun. For the price, it's a no brainer and it should be played on a larger tablet. Truly one of the best games I've ever played. I can't wait to play games two and three. Thanks to the developers and keep up the good work.
I've never seen a more detailed game on mobile, and even console games and pc games of the same genre would be hard pressed to meet the depth of this game's detail, and it's entrancing story line. I truly enjoyed this game, and do not regret spending money on it at all. I don't think I've ever been this satisfied with a mobile app purchase. Try this for less than an hour, and if you aren't sucked in, get your money back. Yet, if you like this genre, I assure you - you won't be disappointed.
This is a really fun game.  I would give this app a 5, but there's not an easy way to switch between multiple games and it keeps me on the same phase even after I have completed that phase. Very frustrating! Please fix these issues
Love the game it's a great time passer.  But be careful it's addicive..  Freezes alot and you can't continue a game if you stop in the middle of it. You have to restart it.
Can't say enough good about this game. I really enjoy it. The higher phases threw me a bit, but it's super fun to play.
Multi-player is trash. We wanted to play with 4 friends and can only find 2 people on the search, and name look up doesn't work.
Having trouble with multiplayer game...sometimes after we complete phases it will pass one player on and hold the other back.
The app doesn't work, it's so buggy.  Pissed that I paid money for this
This is one of the best games out on the play store. I personally think it's arguably better than Minecraft. Really the only thing it's missing at this point is multiplayer, which has been requested a lot for this game. However, the developer is a one-man team and multiplayer would be very hard to program. Considering the circumstances I think it's understandable. Overall, the game is unquestionably worth the $5.
I love this game, the feature of adding your own furniture is good not great but pretty good, there are a few things they need to work on. And one other thing in when I place 2 doors you expect it to open like any other door would but when I place 2 doors they open wrong like they look like 2 right doors placed together. Idk how to explain but that's something I'm bothered by but other than thoses things I love this game!
I love the game. Worth the money. However the controls are a bit frustrating since im so used to the controls on the first one. I hope that you guys add little pets, like domesticating a wolf or coyote and it turns into a dog like how you use a saddle for horses but with a leash or something. That would be really cute.  Or how about multiplayer where you and a couple other people try to survive together. Anyways good job Devs!
I think that furniture should actually be useful. Like you càn cook food on stove and store things in cupboards and chests. And that all of the animals should be useful. Like able to ride zebras and killing lions or tigers or zebras or any other brightly colored animal you could use their skins as clothes.
I loved the original survivalcraft, and definitely love surviv2lcraft and as a bonus for everyone you can export all the maps/worlds you have on survivalcraft and play them in survivalcraft 2.          &gt;&gt;upload your favorite world from Srvivlcft1 to sd card&gt; open Srvivlcft2&gt; download community content&gt; from SD card find your world! NOTE: IT DOES NOT WORK BACKWARDS!.     Have fun!!!
At first I wasn't used to it. But it grew in me. I could not stand the old controls. The pads. I like that he switched to the d-pad. Survivalcraft is overall an awesome game. I think it is even better than Minecraft. Yes, even the PC version of Minecraft. I have two suggestions, one add multiplayer, and two, add a PC version (not just Windows 8 and 10)
I've been playing this game for I don't know how many years and I LOVE it. It's so much better than Minecraft, it's way more realistic. But we're still missing some things that would make it SO much better, like more paintable blocks, multiplayer, more spawnable animals, multiplayer, taming, multiplayer, breeding animals, multiplayer, cars, multiplayer, oh and did I mention multiplayer? We've been asking for multiplayer since the start and still no sign of it. Pleeeaaase give us multiplayer.
Great game but for some reason I built a rather impressive house and suddenly every time I load it certain blocks become invisible. All my windows and even my wooden balcony just vanished. I deleted the save and tried again and it was the same again, built the house loaded the save and gone. Would love to find out why this is happening. I thought maybe my devices memory so deleted some apps and same problem occurred. Please help!
It's a great game overall and it was definitely worth the money.  It was a bit hard for me at first, but after a bit of trial and error I finally figured it out.  Loved the graphics and the gameplay although i really wish there was controller support.  Seasons would be another feature that I think would be cool.  Also, I can't seem to figure out how to upload my furniture to the community.  A tutorial would be nice.
NBA JAM's glory lives on in a good, solid mobile game that has the classic campaign (unlike some versions) and touch controls that act work pretty well. EA didn't completely s#@t on this game; that's the highest complement i can pay them.
This is a great old school game. With decent controls. But as a Golden State Warriors fan, 50% of your choices are no longer on the team. Please update. David Lee hasn't been on the team for 2 years.
This port is the closest you will get to the mame version.  Cannot get much better then this,  especially for the 10 cents i paid for it.  Thanks EA!
Would be 5-star and recommendable  if the rosters were updated
Make NBA Jam great again! A roster update is really necessary.  Thanks!
Horrible still haven't updated rosters..
Thx 4 update
Rosters are so out dated it absolutely ridiculous!!!!
Doesn't open anymore...... I'll give it back 5 stars when it's fix.
Dear com2us SummonersWar please create new update with replay battle defence/attack in war or arena. Must be awesome if we can see what my defence doing in arena or guild battle. Thats my opinions in next update. Thanks ;)
Ok, I have been playing this game for about a year. It's a great game but the RNG is terrible! I'm level 50 with one nat 5 Vanessa whose third skill needs a buff so badly. Com2us please buff her third skill. She only heals 5% more than wind epikon priest who is a 3 star and she is a nat 5. Very unfair. Also your essense and rune drop rates along with nat 4 and 5 pulls are everywhere. They need to be balanced out a bit so they can be fair to the players. If these get improved ill change my rating
The only issue lies within the random number generator. I've been playing 2 years and consistently get garbage rune drops and monsters.  A player that has been playing 2 months has key elemental players and runes that escalate their gameplay tenfold.
Die to easy. Don't recommend game to anyone. Worst heroes to fight with die so quick. Really. Just started game and was dead. Your heroes need revamped. Shouldn't die on easy level so fast. Want people to download game then don't disappoint them right from the start. Won't play again. No fun from your game.
Wish I could give them ZERO stars.  Woke up on 2-7-17 to find my hive account password and email address changed.  Com2us knows they have a major security flaw in their system that allows people to steal your account without any verification check.  BUT if you haven't spent any money on their game, they claim there is not enough information to verify you as the original owner.  F these guys...Terrible support service.
This game can be a load of b.s but I'm addicted. It is pay to win but even some of the free to play people are doing better than me and money can't buy toa level 100 victory, but hard work and a load of farming can :)
Every time I get this game (great game tho) it corrupts after a week and all I see is white with pink texture under my troops walking around. it makes the game completely unplayable!!. This has happened to me six times now.
This has been my favorite game for over 2 years now. Normally games get boring after a while - not this one.
The games are great however if your not signed in through Facebook. You're never going to win enough at a time to play. No there some technical glitch going on. Can't get into games at all.
I'm over this game its continues to freeze and stall your pay outs are bogus and what it costs to buy more credit is ridiculous you don't take into account the exchange rate for none US countries
Great for passing time, exactly like real slots. The only problem I have is that we can't seem to be able to completely delete all the data from the game and do a fresh start :((
25000 minimum bet but daily spin only gave me 1000. Lots of ads to buy fake money. Does not give me the full download of money always stops after 2nd hour. What a joke!
Payouts are few, far between, and low. Disgusting! Daily spin amounts are an insult; not even 1 full spin most times. Collected for days. $1M gone in a blink.  A shame because I like your machines. Actually get to play longer in REAL casino than here.
Rubbish,  when you have finished the 2 milion coins in about an hour,  good luck in ever playing the games ever again. Bonuses are enough for 1 spin every hour.  The games are created to take your real money,  but you dont win real money or fake coins for that matter
This game is designed for you to spend real money. They don't give enough options to play when you have very little coins. Not allowing to win even medium sized jackpots.
Horrible payouts and daily wheel bonus is always tiny. You can spend 50,000 coins in 1 go and not see a hit.
Don't waste your money buying crystals to get character packs. You will get tons of duplicates for garbage characters that you don't want and rarely get good ones. The rewards vary, you can use gems to get them but they say from 5 to 100 shards for example, and never seen over 10 shards haha. Other than that it's a great time killer and fun to play. I repeat, do not waste real money on this game. You will not get the stuff you want.
The graphics and interface are pleasing to the eye and easy to use. The mechanics of the game are straight forward, but challenging enough to be enticing. However, you may need to spend some money in this game to get ahead. Be careful though. Spending $5 can lead to spending $100. Not worth. Take the time and farm as many materials as you can instead. Otherwise, a highly enjoyable game that will appeal to both casual phone gamers and Star Wars fans.
Love the game but SERIOUSLY needs to allow you to log into your game account right from the start. I had phone issues recently, having to rebuild my phone twice. Well, I had to play through all of the opening training (slowly) before being offered to log in.  Why not ask right away if you have a google account and save all of us that have been playing GoH for a while the chance to bypass the training?!
I have spent probably hundreds of hours on this game and i love everything about it, especially the new Ships upgrade part.        But I have a suggestion. Im now at player level 66 n i only have a cpl new characters out of i think 40something characters now... Since i have tons of low level equipment n no use for it other than trading which is cool but still.... Y can't i get high level equipment now from the cards i get by using my ally points? That would make mor sense. Change random prizes4 higher lvls.
I have reinstalled this on many devices and despite what people say it doesn't take long to get through the training at all and is well worth it to get back on and carry on playing the multiple modes within the game. I must of had reinstalled this 50+ times due to resetting phone and have no complaints having to go through the training, obviously a very little patience is needed but so worth it for the best game on mobiles by a country mile
I've played tons of games on my ph and this by far is the best!!! It is strategic, good looking, lots of characters and things to do.  A blast and also you don't need to pay real cash for anything to speed up the game.  A lot of games you get so far, then if you don't spend real money you have to log in every day for a month just to get somewhere so if you like the game you HAVE to spend real money.  But this game isn't like that at all. 5 stars from me and thank you to the people who made it
Overall game plays well and has no major errors or issues that would keep you from enjoying it. It does suffer from the ever present IAP, or in other words, pay to win. Progress is lightning fast at first but then very quickly stops and make you feel like you can't get any further unless you buy one of the outrageously expensive character packs or the "diamonds". Other than that the game is good and has plenty to offer in terms of longevity as it has multiple battles and game modes.
Clash of Kings has good customization of clothing your king or queen can wear. You can get to know people you have never met before. The only problem is being attacked by enemy alliances at a higher level than you when you are not online.
Glitches worse now I can not get game download so all five of my castle just sitting there how am I to get my castles to 30 if can not get game work been on game over two yrs. Love game just hate glitches please fix I want my 30 castle Still playing but won't load half time or freeze up and kicks you off game.
Who do I speak to for a refund? I paid money for resources in the game 2 days ago, and today I was attacked and unable to get on my account at all! This is a ripoff! I have a small farm, and I can get on it, but not the one being attacked???  The game application is the reason I couldn't switch to my account and do something. Now I still can't sign onto my main account! I will not spend anything on the game again if I can't get my account back!
Customer service is dreadful.  Worst of any game I've ever played.  All they care about is new content to make the incredibly overpowered castles even more invincible.  Don't play this game unless you can spend thousands
If you don't spend money, you can't survive with P5 castles. I'm a P3 and can barely stay alive. It's BS. Never mind how much the eastern players are favored. They get packages that cost $99.99 in the USA for less than $20. Oh but don't bother complaining. We don't know any thing lol
Be careful of your gold coins. It will be deducted without your consent. The support keep telling me I used the coins to purchase Exp Cards n had already used them. Which is not true and they can't prove to me the transaction. Fyi, I bought the coins through the game with cash and they just being deducted for nothing suddenly.
It's been a week and still the cannons not appears. This making problem with expeling porters from our hive. So please solve this issue soon. Our kingdom-1422 alliance-One
Got a castle 26 in my secong kingdom. Getting ready to quit. The CHINESE have screwed up this game. Every kingdom CHINESE screw it up. If your a new player i wouldnt wast your time or money on this game. My kingdom now is dead. People quiting because of chinese. Game was a wast of my time and money
Well too lagy and its just completely boring this the worst ever game that ive played
This game is so fun. I play it all the time
It's very frustrating that after updating to version 2.3.1, i cant even load. Wats happening??
This is a money pit trust me u get to stages only way to advance is by buy coins or equipment then u do it again
New twist on a hardcore war game.  Seems fun so far.
I have downloaded this game before and while clearing out my phone space I accidentally un installed it, so when I tried to re install it after. it wont re install it says error so if you can help I will insantly give 5 stars because ir if a fun game to play. Error occured on samsung s4 mini. Got reply instantly by email 5 stars for you rockstar ☺😊🙋🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
I won a Nashville tournament it said that ,I won in first place winner would get 20b I was so excited, I wrote there customer support sadly, it took them 5 days to reply and they say I need it a screen shot how was I not suppose to know plus I was way to excited to think about that. So if u play fill your memory card or phone with screen shoot because they don't give you anything.
I have fun playing the machines. A lot of fun. But, navigating around and trying to find, say the fair or candy shop... Clueless... Still haven't found either... I would recommend to my friends though. The game hasn't been paying the amount it's supposed to. I messaged the app and that's basically my fault, not theirs is the gist they put out...
I don't think it is fair to give the ladybug game to others, but not me. Nor do I get any more cards during my spins. I will not spend my own money to get anything, its a ripoff
They cheat you. The higher your lol the way less the payouts. And the 3hour bonus sucks! If you want the sloto cards you're better off making a purchase because you won't receive them. But I won't be spending any money on this.
I use to have fun playing but now everything is all about buying coins. Even if you collect coins all week and play, the game takes them right back. I've played the same game all week and didn't receive the free spins bonus once. It's just not that entertaining anymore.
I tried to collect my gifts from Lucy and my free coins in the store and it said already collected but my balance doesn't reflect it. Still didnt get that money. What happened to sloto cards? Hardly ever get those anymore. I give up on this game you can't win get any scatter bonuses. Ridiculous
Fun...Love it! Awesome graphics! It's free u don't have to buy anything. I read so many complaining they buy...it's not a real casino...u don't get to cash out what u win! Come back later and collect ur free coins again..could be more bonuses though to make a little more fun!!........💜💜
You're still the best game app on the internet. I thank you for my only Christmas present, winning some coins! I have a very lonely life and I can make myself feel better when I have some coins to play with, however, you're back to tightening the wheels again. Please loosen the wheels!
Went from playing and enjoying this game on a consistent basis after purchase to now being locked out of my game stating : You Are Not Authorized To Play This. Well i won't go on telling you what I think now, I'll leave that up to you to guess the words I want to use. But I definitely suggest you do NOT invest!
Game play isn't bad... But the number of stars required to advance through the game is ridiculous, especially given the difficulty of the levels.  I don't make it a habit to spend money on games, but I have... The cost of this is also ridiculous.  Don't think I'll be playing any longer.
Although I enjoy this game and I like the idea behind it I find some of the levels too difficult. It's frustrating to be stuck on the same level for days on end especially since I'm really not very far along in the game. If it weren't for that annoyance I would have given a perfect review. Cute game great ideas just a bit too challenging for casual game play
I like Gardenscapes New Acres, although it does have many difficult levels such that you cannot simply win quickly and easily.  Some levels require the use of a reasoned strategy that may take several games to figure out.  If you like more refined and challenging match 3 games without the need to win all the time, you should like it.  You may have to play some levels dozens of times to complete them.  If you get frustrated easily you should look for something else to play.
Well it's very nice game. But It's really need that to be really hard to get stars just to finish job?  You're kidding! It's so hard to collect stars!  And for finishing a one game just obly one start but by finishing one part of garden needed a lot of stars!  In my game I'm already level 124 but still at the 2nd part of the garden!  How rude guys!
COSTS TOO MUCH REAL MONEY to get anywhere. NO CONTROL where special items are placed, always populate where no benefit. Cheap rewards for passing a level and requirements to move through game are ridiculous! GREEDY DEVELOPERS.  not wasting any more real money on this p.o.s.! Deleting game. F.U. developers!
I know that nothing is perfect...but this game is pretty darn close! Its amazing, and whats more, is that it doesnt use the internet, which means i can play it any time, any place. And yes, I am aware that it costs money, but trust me, if u have the money, it is worth it. This game is worth so much, it is AMAZING! It is not the same as the computer version, in fact, it is better. To be able to interact is soo much easier than having to use a computer mouse to click on everything, and make things work, but with this game u have alot of control over it. It is a great amazing game, and I think that everyone should have this game if they have the money.
Just like other games, set up to make in game purchases necessary to pass levels. Often you'll come up one short of passing a level enticing you to make a purchase to pass level. If you struggle on a level long enough, you'll suddenly pass it with ease after several days of trying to pass it. Games fixed.
Have been playing for about 3 years. For the last 6 months I have to keep uninstalling and reinstall, because the game logs me out of facebook and will not let me reconnect.  Same with candy crush jelly. I have gone to help page, know help. Please fix this. I will change to 5 stars.
Hard levels are hard enough without programming to wipe out special candies! Game got stuck and lost progress a few times. Other than that, I love it.
Worked my way to Royal  level but game kept me on Diamond level. Please rectify  as it has kept me on Diamond level. Not a happy player. Shouldn't  be penalised for nothing.
Great game.! Helps me take my mind off of problems for awhile.
I would generally give this game a 5 star, however...It updated today and now I can't get out of my level once I use my moves. It keeps asking me if I want to keep playing and won't move past it.
The game keeps shutting down.  Can't make more than 5 moves.  Unninstalled and reinstalled, I lost all daily boosters.
Since ive updated the app today it just keeps crashing im so angry it was working fine till i done the silly update now king plz fix this and a will change my rating on my next review please PLEASE PLEASE !!!!
Kabam twice in two mins I've been kicked off the game midfight at a quest boss and now if I go back on I'll find I've lost half my health and this is now happening every time I'm fighting the new boss the game cuts out and it's costing me loads of units kabam!! Plz sort it out! I know you no longer care about us players and are only out to get the money but I've been a fan for 16 months!
The game would be great, but It has great flaws.  Bugs and connection issues that disconnect you or force close the app during fights and when you login your health has dropped but not your opponents.   But the main issue is a core design issue. The Gameplay is repetitive and the fight moves are exactly the same between the characters. You cannot work your way up to your favorite characters and everything is too expensive. It is a classic pay to move forward tactic which is a same to be exercised on a game that has so much connection with marvel heroes.
OnePlus3T is the phone that I have and this piece of tech is a beast in performance. So please tell me why this game runs like its made for NASA computers on my phone? Optimise this game for android N or OnePlus users! Before android N the game ran perfectly. Now after one single fight it gets stupidly laggy...... What is going on here? Can someone please tell me why this is the case?
The game is Amazing. However, they do tempt you to spend money on units to get better champions and win fights but with enough time you can get just as far without the use of spending anything. You can gain units and earn crystals from quests and I find it way more satisfying to grind for my earnings rather than spend money for it.
The game is great but they want you to spend money on units to get through quest. The harder the quest the better the rewards. Aka the strong get stronger and the weak are s.o.l. been playing the game for 2 years now and take it from me they just want money. They don't care about equal opportunity!
Really enjoyed it until it made me wait for 30 hours to enter the next level unless i buy myself in. Even waited, when i went back to it game said '45 hours left to wait'. If you're thinking i'm gonna give you money purely out of frustration i guess you're wrong, instant de-install. Shame, why advertise it as free when there is no way of playing it without paying.
It's a good and fun game but I am disappointed that when you lose the characters get sad and say: You lost! Excuse me, but I was taught that you don't make others feel guilty when they mess up. WE ARE HUMANS!! They should at least say something like: Good luck next time! Plus, they shouldn't be sad at all. This problem really pisses me off.
First when i open the game i was unable to play the level as it was not allowing me to open the level..even whch i have alrdy completed...i tried many times to restart the game bt was unable to play..  then i unistalled the game n reinstalled it...guess what happened..the game was working fine but all my boosters are lost...wtf..i want them back or else i will unistall the game and will never play it again.
I have played Bejeweled, Charm King, Jewels something (basic), Jelly Jiggle, and now also Candy Crush. Charm King is my favorite out of these because the progression in difficulty is gradual, it's all move count based,  and with relaxing music but essentially its the same game. Candy Crush is fun, but they amp up the difficulty quickly. It almost seems perfectly rigged to give you a little easy then a lot hard in order to entice you to pay up for more lives - or broadcast all over Facebook.
Candy Crush Saga is a fun and addictive game, that is superior to most other match 3 games.  In addition to high quality graphics, the game includes varied levels of difficulty as well as different  twists & turns that change the playingfield to keep the game more interesting.  Regular updates serve to keep the content fresh as well.    Candy Crush Saga is a good game with a ton of challenging levels.  Interesting methods of matching allow the game play to continually change and present different challenges  as you play.  As with all free games, frequent ads & requests to connect to Facebook are bothersome, but there may not be quite as many of them as there used to be.    I am still religiously encouraged to connect to Facebook to bother friends for new lives, etc.  Boy would removing those requests improve the game in a big way.   I  guess I can continue to dream, right?
all the boosters/Candy's I had saved up have disappeared!! In addition Treat Calendar hasn't been working, keeps counting each new day as Start only..Please fix
This game reminds me of Tetris. Add in a cotton candy bonus. The cotton candy can destroy the pieces  around the border of the stage. Just a suggestion. Great game :) I have been writing a storyline for a new game. King/Activision would definitely be the best choice to develop it. They are about quality.  That is why they are one of the best.
CCS is very fun 2play ,  ')  TY CC FOR changing sending/receiving format 🙌KUDOS! & Perfect! Thank you! Free wheel spin cud use upd8! ie: add gold bars a +! Almost had Big BONUS/wheel 🙁 Big BONUS wheel is fixed! Nearly had jackpot several timZ! It stops 2 hesitate near Jackpot ea time, Yet NEVER Win it!? 😯 Has Any1 Evr? Probably Not! 😆 You have listenNd & Ty 4 most changes 😄💋 I'm now @ lvl 229 😆 Enjoy the free Xtras!
I guess level 433 is where I end my play. When they make it too difficult and you keep playing the same level over and over again, it's just to frustrating.  I mean come on ,a timed level with bombs and chocolate? It's just pure luck if you get through certain levels.
Hey Supercell. You might not see this but, thank you for making this game. I've been playing for a little over a year now, and it's really fun to battle my friends since me and my friends are in the same clan. And it brings people together. I wish i could talk to you guys in person but this is the best I can do. So once again thank you for making this game. In the game, i am MCLegends. So check out my base. It's not the best, but I'm working on. Love the game btw 😀
Everything was nice. I emphasize WAS just because the game have acquired network instability because of their good ideas. *Sarcasm* I could watch 720p without any issues yet this game shows me a great Wi-Fi Icon on the middle of the game and disconnects me. Well done Devs! You've just ruined the game :)
Best game ever i played.. Please i have a req please do this in next update. Please reduce the time for every upgrades. Like.... Air defense for lvl6 is 8 days if it is 5 days it will be ok.. And reduce the time in lab also. For pekka lvl 3 it takes 12 days. Instead If it would be atleast 6 days for lvl3 and 5 days for lvl 2. So i kindly req these. Please do it in next update. Thanks for introducing this game.......
The upgrades take a while but it's great if you don't have much time or you're only partially active. I love the new updates. I had never spent money on the game before, but I just got back in to it and spent $30 on the 5th builder pack and the town hall 8 pack. I'm now on my way to TH9 and I'm actually rading more than just farming. I'd love to see something like the new barracks system for building with the ability to run multiple builders on one project and speed it up, maybe 30-50%.
Coc is a good addicting game, i love strategy games but it has to stop updating at some point and it will lose its fame. People are lovin' it but its very repetive. if i had a to give this game a rating out of 5 it would HAVE TO BE 5. Also I just maxed out my th 5 and now Im waiting for my th 5 to be upgraded to 6 but I have alot of gold and I maxed out my walls.
Coooooooool. You guys did a very good job in the new update, we have to unlock troops in one barrack and then train in all. The main point is that when you unlock a troop in two or more barracks the training time gets reduced, like when I unlocked the wizard it took four minutes to train, when I unlocked it in the second barracks it's time reduced to 1 minute .  The game would be more awesome when you get more amazing troops and all. But more further you can bring new troops and all but for lower town halls.  You can even bring a troop from clash royale.  You can even reduce the time taken to train troops, and their levelling up cost can also be increased.  Then you can get more walls like 50 walls each town hall,  then there would be 500 walls  (if you deduct the walls of th 1) .  🎉🎉😊😊😊😉😇😇
Like all the events and troop challenges for gems, reduce costs to do them. I think the winter theme great, start a tad earlier though.  The Christmas trees and scary pumpkins should be in the periphery of the lawn so as not to mess up base design however because I would like to keep them.
This game is great at first. As you level up youll need money to keep up. The orbs are great at first. Its just everyone in this game uses the same card litteraly. I mean litteraly. So its boring af now. Everything is good about the game beside the cards. They make some of the most OP cards Extreamly easy to get and thats just not yu gi oh
Super easy to get in to. A little too much dialogue interaction and waiting for screens to pass. I doubt it's a phone/tablet strength thing and more of a desire to make you feel like you're part of the old school show. I'm going to be playing this for a long time. I just hope they give us some faster dialogue text and easier time advancing capabilities by tapping the screen like in Dokkan Battle.
Loved it before the most recent update, It seems Konami made the Exact same mistake Niantic did with Pokémon GO and underestimated the ammount of players they would have. Now I have to log in multiple times to maybe play for 30 minutes at best. This game is obviously going to need more servers to handle the volume of players. GET IT TOGETHER KONAMI!
With my decreasing interest in pokemon go as of late, this has taken it's place. One thing I really love is that they give you free card packs when they have an outage due to maintenance or high server loads, something that Niantic never did.  As for the game play, it's very fast-paced, and a lot more balanced than TCG. VERY Addictive and rewarding.  Also very approachable for people who are new to the franchise, as a lot of the newer mechanics and rulings in TCG are pretty complex.
Overall it is a great game. Perfect for Yu-Gi-Oh fans. Good graphics, good gameplay, amazing. Some things i hope you guys add later is 5x2 board and some themed card packs like harpie ladies pack and warriors pack etc. It doesn't need to have them all in that pack, you can add another random card, but with bigger chance to get the correct cards. Because for now we can only buy some packs and wish we can get some cards that we can make a plan with. Cheers.
Excellent, it's a shorter easier to handle version of yugioh, only having 3 monster and spell/trap zones, and only has the cards from when yugioh was good. There's no quadruple synchro summons with insta-kill combos, just simple tribute summons where blues eyes, dark magician, and red eyes aren't bad card. There's a lot of server problems, but anytime they happen, the give out enough currency for 10 packs. I love the fast paste easy fuels and would recommend. Welcome back from the dead old friend.
All around great game play really takes me back to when I was a kid,  very ez to learn game play mechanics to a degree of course. With that said it's has all the voice over work done just like the NA version n I believe it also has the original jo voice work aswell! Also u can straight up duel your buddies n pit your decks against each other to really see has the supirior deck. See ya in game n add nathrill if you like in game. Happy dueling all see ya in game.
When I tried out PvP dueling for the first time, I had a win in the bag, Blue Eyes White Dragon and Crawling Dragon on the board and no enemy monsters.  But did I win? No. Because by a glitch, or a hack, or some other crap my game suddenly surrendered because of 'time', when I had plenty on the clock. I was not dawdling, I was not wasting time, I just surrendered out of the blue for, what seemed to me, absolutely no reason.   I really enjoy this game, it's presented well, the graphics are great and the controls are intuitive, but if that's going to be my experience, just randomly losing because the game told me that I took too much time when I definitely did not, I can not recommend this game to anyone.
I Really like this game. it's kinda different from the Original PC games, it's REALLY Fast paced either that or the AI is really easy to beat.. i never and i mean i even tried to drag the game.. but it's just at turn 7 or something i cannot possibly even lose but i am stage 8 so yeah maybe that's that.  the Game's graphic is really awesome.. the nostalgia is real on this one you can duel in PvP and really countless modes.   DIFF. a Must for the good old yugioh fans
Hey Niantic if you're reading these comments then you should make it so that if you click on a Pokemon in the sightings list it points you in the correct direction of said pokemon as long as you've caught it before, and make it so that you can know how far you are from the closest gym or Pokestop/trainer etc... Plus the top medals in your medal list should give you bonuses as well. One more thing you should add is daily Pokecoin bonuses or something of that nature do that those of us that don't have the money to spend on them can get them too
I can't believe it's finally here. Love catching them. The graphics are amazing. New update for the "im a passenger" comes up even if I'm walking. You lose a star as it causes me to get out and go back into it. WHERE IS THE NEW POKEMON AT
I love this game and havn't had many issues with it, it even worked great while I was in Mexico but now the GPS sucks and the new speed rules sucks because it makes it harder to know where to get out and walk to search for pokemon. You can't see the nearby pokemon if you going in 25mph or over
Would have been full 5 stars but the fact of every time I try to open my profile it crash's. I have been able to get to my profile twice while playing and now I have a porygon I want to set it as my buddy and can't. Ive tried looking for a fix and a lot of people have the same issue. If any body can help I would consider you amazing :)
So it plops you in the world. No tutorial, no story line, no other people on the map. Nothing to do but collect. And that's wonderful! Get a little further and choose an alliance. Just keep collecting and taking down gyms does get repetitive. Three stars for playability. Five stars for the concept and it's Pokemon
Please Niantic. I've been playing this game for a while caught all the pokemon (even regional) almost all the achievements and got a perfect LV dragonite. Lot of people are quiting this game and not many youtubers that make their livings of of posting pokemon go videos. Most of my friends don't play it and you didn't release new pokemon for at least 2 months. But still I love this app i play it on the weekdays and have so much fun doing so. But I'm scared your not going to release any new pokemon from gen 2. I don't want this game to die so please if your hearing this Niantic please give us gen 2
I cant buy pokecoins and i cant catch pokemon due to when i tap on one the app crashes. Its not limited to my account either. It extends to my childrens accounts as well. Was a good game up to this point and do hope this gets resolved. I even tried to uninstall and reinstall the app but the issues still remain.
I'm very disappointed. I've been playing Fairy bliss and spent a lot of money to play it and then you switch the games up and put it in the back, locked. That's not right!! I bought coins for that specific game and now I can't play it. I think that's so wrong that you switch the games around like that. Other than that, I do love your app. It's the only one I play.
What's the point of playing when you can't build up a reliable amount of coins to enjoy the game! Why anyone would pay real money to play this game is beyond me. Go play the real thing in a casino pub or club, at least you know who's stealing your money there....
If there can be no expectation of ever  winning, why would anyone ever buy your coins?  This is the TIGHTEST casino app I've ever played...  One would probably have better luck (and probably more fun) surviving a swan dive off of the Empire State Building (without a parachute)!
I been reading the reviews on this APP ,and all the great reviews are posted first and the not so great last . This one is not so great . I've been playing this APP for 4 yrs and it comes down to MONEY!  I've have gotten  some big winnings on "The wheel of fun" but that gets taken back real quick! The payouts are lousy , and they consistently push buying coins in your face. The graphics are great, better than a lot of games . I'm moving on to something new,I'll play sometimes but never buying coins ....
The coin packages are a joke. The prices are too high for the amount you receive. I dont expect to hit every time but it would be nice if the game would hit something every now and again. I think the wheel of fun could have better/ higher rewards also.
I enjoy playing these slots. Exciting...and very similar to the real casino games. The only thing is, just like in real life, it's very hard to win in these games so your points are lost very quickly and unless you keep purchasing, you can't really play very long. So although I enjoy playing, I'm considering deleting the app just because it's not really any fun to play a few minutes and you're out of points.
Didn't receive my spins after purchasing coins for the India game, didn't receive a 2 million coin hit either, tried to send messages to contact support for these issues but was unsuccessful. Overall I really love HOF and will continue playing.
Thinking about dumping this game because collecting gifts is a pain. You have to collect gifts one at a time and I have a billion friends and it takes forever. Please ADD A COLLECT ALL BUTTON like every other game has. I think you'll find more people who will want to play and share.
Fun game.  Wins are a lot like a real casino, not in the favor of the player but they give out a lot of coins throughout the day. Lately the payouts have been harsh. I'm a realist but I do like to win on at least one spin out of 20. I'm thinking of changing my rating.
Fun fun fun!!
It's a blast!
Fun to pass time
Good time waster
Love it very cute addictive,great for passing time very educational for youngsters thank you
I think the three should count as a pop
It cod be a little more machor
Wife, grandkids and I like to play
I love this game and I don't play to alot of games. But I can't get enough.
I haven't gamed in more than a dozen years, FWIW. Figured I'd spend a buck on a "modern, mobile classic" (did I make that up?). I think this game is great. Anxious to try others now. Appears I've been missing out.
Fun puzzle game with gradual difficulty progression, and no pay to get win, easy to pick up and play whether you've got 5 minutes or an hour to kill.
Great game, but progress is not saved. Have to start from beginning every time.                Edit: latest patch fixed it. Thank you!!!!!
Addictive gameplay, beautiful diorama, makes you ACTUALLY think and beautiful graphics on phone! Yes, it does get hot (the phone) sometimes after, like, 4 levels or so. But overall, a good and pleasing experience! Keep the levels coming!!
I didn't know what to expect or how Hitman would even work as what appeared to be a board game starring Agent 47 but, ...It's awesome! Once I got past the tutorial levels I found it challenging and addictive. The sound and level design along with the side objectives give the game depth and replayability. It's every bit a legitimate Hitman game. Well worth the time and price. Big fan!
Bought it for $0.99 and I got to say this game is really enjoyable and puzzling. Hope you will add more levels. I am still at the beginning....
I've been after a game to satisfy my taste for the mysterious whilst offering genuinely difficult puzzles that test your ability to think outside the box. The Room has an eerie atmosphere carried along by a captivating yet subtle soundtrack. I truly admire this games creator's for their ingenuity and originality. Modestly fulfils my need for the creepy side of entertainment whilst really getting those neurons firing. Round of applause for this one. 10\5 without effort
I do not review many games, but this one has definitely earned it. It is absolutely beautiful and challenging. It reminds me of puzzles you would find in the game Myst but way more intricate. It has an eerie atmosphere that keeps you engaged and curious. It did seem a little short considering I finished it within a day, however, not having to deal with ads and It being offered at such a low price, made it a worthy buy.
This is without a doubt the best mobile gaming experience to date. The whole trilogy had me encapsulated for hours and days on end. An amazing journey that saddened me with it's inevitable end. I hope for number 4 so much. 5 bucks for all 3 games?? Incredible value for money, would gladly pay triple for this. Massive recommendation to all thrill seekers and mystery solvers out there!
Wonderfully addicting and so pleasant to look at with beautiful graphics.  Each game increases in difficulty as the story deepens.  Offers hints, but only after the game has given you time to figure out the next step on your own.  Each game costs a little more than the last, but only because of the increasing depth and brain power required to make these games as challenging as they are. Well worth it!
I can't believe the graphics! It is so addictive! Who thinks up these things? And I am only on the first book... I don't want to stop until I am done with a chapter. Update: I finished this one and started on the next one The Room 2 but not as intrigued as this first one! But I will keep playing because these developers have amazing minds! This game is tops in my opinion!
This app is different from other puzzle solvers. It offers unique and intuitive puzzles that are different and challenging. The game is never to hard and just needs some thinking to get through. I also think that this game looks superb for a phone game. As a game developer I know the amount of effort that can go into a project like this, and I commend you on a well done work. There aren't enough good games out there as there should be, this is a prime example of what aspiring developers should strive for.
I really enjoyed playing this game on the S7, better than just clicking on items find those boring. Took me a long time to find this app game. Anything that need to think things through are the best. Worth the small investment much better than in app purchases. I completed it in 90 mins off and on using the hint on the game now and then. This is my first review, looking forward to playing the rest of The Room Games hopefully more will be made in the near future.
Too bad you don't get  more for the 99cents. It's so much fun to figure all the puzzles out, but I finished the game and epiloge in a few hours and was left  wishing for more. And yes I can go buy the next two games,but my point  here is, for an amazing game, I wished there was more if it for a paid game. If anything the first one should be free and then start charging for the sequels. Anyways great game and well done to the developer.
I love most point and click puzzle games like this, but this one is stunning and far more brilliant than I anticipated. A lot of time and painstaking detail went into this and it shows. The only note I had an issue with was that I could not mute the music and just hear the sounds of the game, which were equally as amazing as the graphics. Not a big deal and totally worth it. Don't hesitate to buy this game!! Now--I'm off to the sequel :-D
This game freezes to much. And my games are always disappearing
Always crashes
Good
Had an update this morning, so I thought it would work.... Nope. It still kicks me out when I try playing it. I used to love this game, hence why I bought the pro version. However, since the last update, every time I try to play it crashes. Very disappointing.
For a paid game, there's still too many ads for using the in-game currency.  Needs an option to turn it off.  Then it would be a stellar version of the game.
The main reason I paid for pro was the option to play with friends. I didn't realize it was only googleplay friends rather than Facebook friends. Very disappointing.
You've got to be kidding me with the Ads in this game. More ads than free games...greedy.
I love the game, but I can never invite people on my facebook that have the game unless they come near me and the score board never actually updates.
Its a really good time killer and really addictive. Once I Got It I Started to make a world. I didnt know how you can make the furniture but I see how.😁😃😄😅😆😉😊😘😝😝😜😛I fell in love with the game so much i couldnt even stop playing it! I EVEN IGNORED MY CHORES!!!😱 Can You Add Multiplayer??PLZ!!!!?!!😢😢😢
This awesome game but can u make it very life like add earthquakes and tornados also make it where we can do more with making furniture. Also add lots more animals insects and fish also make fishing you can make a wooden rod and a steel rod and bait u can use is insects u catch or add worms and do that and add many more plse this is a very good game I would recommend for everyone.!!!!!!........Also can you different kind of weather like heavy rain and light rain and add flooding that way you could make dams and stuff like that plse reply on this comment. Plse plse oh and add seasons that way it can snow even your not in the tundra biome and add a calander that way we know what season it is and the day earlier I said add earthquakes and tornado add natural disasters like that plse
I have been with this game since 2011 and have never hated it ever(except when you die in cruel) this game is a great game with new features that i love. Kaalus if you ever see this know that if you add multiplayer your game will become one of the most popular games any where. Its time for multiplayer and to see what your game could do.
Pretty annoying we had to buy the 2.0 version, otherwise still a great game. How come you don't respond to my emails? I can't make an account to post on the forums and I have loads of bugs no one else has reported.
I don't know why I would have to pay for another game... whatever, so I like the custom furniture thing but it's a pain, I think there should be some pre-made furniture. Also I think the world could use some NPC people that roam around the world like city folks and tribe members
Amazing, just amazing. Why aren't you downloading it right now? I don't know. But the only problem is that there's absolutely no trace of an updated Fanver Mod texture pack.
Update the roster
Never Update the rooster
It is a fun game and it is related awesomeness
Update roster
I think it's really cool!!!😃
It's great
Awesome!
RNG IS BUSTED after 2 years still only 1 nat 5 seriously com2us , daily log in and wishes needs a change of items , new players have more luck than older players who have been supporting you guys for so long ,also what about a trade option to the game were players can trade runes and mons , and increase the nat 5 rate from ms scrolls
A bit of lag after finishing giants, before getting the rewards, could you take a look please? Otherwise, a great game! RNG can be a pain but makes pulling great mobs all the more sweeter.
It is good until you beat the bosses then it gets boring.  They should raise the odds for everyone to get good runes as well as monsters or else it is never competetive.  You are not fighting in the Arena with same level of runes and monsters, it's  either you get bullied or you're the bully.  There is no way of telling how long a player has played.  Com2us should allow unlimited leveling of players.  That way we know if we are competetive  with them. Other than that I wasted over $1000 and it really gets tedious and boring.   Even essences are has poor drops.  Ridiculous!
Forget the packs, my app froze 2 years ago and i had to delete it. I have the pc version but i wasnt able to go online. I wasnt able to report anything either until now, help.
The game needs lots of minor improvements. Sadly the company is not making them. The players will slowly leave the game unless content is addressed. Also prices are disgustingly high for a micro transaction
I am addicted all I ever want to do is play lol keep up the good work com2us this is my favorite game of all time. If your reading this do yourself a favor and get this game now!!!! You will not be disappointed... I wish I could give it a 6* rating
I've played this game for 2 years now as a F2P and still love it. It's designed to be played for a long period of time since you need to grind a bit. They have constant updates and events to keep things interesting. As with other games, the drop % for 5 stars are not that high but there are plenty of events that provide free crystals and summons. Also, the balancing for monsters are good since playing with 2-3 star summons still gets you very far in the game. Also, I would like to thank the devs for keeping up a great job and the players that top up since they keep the game alive for us F2P.
Lots of games, winning is just ok, but I hate that I can't set my own bets the daily free coins may get you 10 spins before you're out and I'm not ok with a game the basically forces you to buy to have fun.
The game gave me a "wait" message; two hours later, the message was there.  Game gave me 1M coins, but it didn't start with 2M coins. Did not have opportunity to play the game!
Ever played the early Final fantasy?  Like ff7 but without an interesting story.  You level up characters through items collected from battles.  They make it easy in beginning but eventually turns into a standard, wait for energy to grind items type of game. Fun for awhile but probably won't hold your attention for two long.
Good game, great mechanics with multiple options of how you spend your time. Only criticism I have is there's always a metta and it's hard to compete unless you have the specific characters. Would be nice if there were updates more often to bring balance and diversity. I like how you don't need to spend money to be a top player and can earn the same in-game currency with patience.
Game has many elements to keep you invested. Benefits to in game purchases but the developers have done a great job making free to play players stay reasonably competitive.  Game restarts my device multiple times a day in midst of battles. Other members of my guild report the same thing as well. If this bug is fixed would rate 5 stars.
Love the selection of characters. Perhaps you guys could add Master Cin Drallig? He was the head of Temple Security and the Battlemaster during the Clone Wars. And he instructed both Obi-wan and Anakin in lightsaber combat. He'd be a really cool character to have as he taught two of the best known Jedi in the entire Star Wars Saga.
In game credits and training droids are essential to advancement in the game. At higher levels the credit and droid heist events, that usually take place weekly, is the only way to level up characters at a decent rate. They cancel these events frequently to pimp Rogue One events. Especially the credit heist. Which isn't fair at all. I have hundreds of training droids that I can't use. Not to mention that you need the credits for mod progression.
I totally love this game it is really awesome and I almost never write reviews on games. This is the only phone game I've ever had that I've played for more than a couple weeks. 6 months strong! But I have not been able to sign in since 2 o clock today. Both of my friends who have the game are able to play. I realize this is a minor error but it's still frustrating. I've had full energy since 2 and I cannot use any of it! Still a brilliant game I highly recommend to anyone else. I'd give 6 stars if I could!
This game is great, has many great characters. These characters should be added. Star wars rebels characters, such as zeb, kanan, Sabine, and grand admiral thrawn. I think that jango fett (maybe with pistols as weapons) would be cool, I think Ki-Adi Mundi should be added because he was my favorite Jedi in series, and 4 lom, bounty hunter. Lastly, I would like to request an easier access to unlocking General Grevious, he's my favorite character and would love to get a way to unlock faster. Please
It is a game for those who have mone to grow too fast and then bully others who can invest real money in the game. My alliance members stood together, planned many strategies, discussed and helped one another yet they never have been able to cross Level 25 in an year. This explains how the game is and why some very experienced players left the game. I know it's a war game. I know it shouldn't be like growing roses in the garden. But, beyond a level, if one does not spend good money, they can't progress in the game. I left the game too but returned to not miss my friends.
One of the big problems is that i have tier 4 troops, and i get attacked by guys with tier 10 troops. Thank you for noob protection, this game is not ballanced. I would better go play coc, this game suck.
Hello, I have some suggestions and some problems also. I have problem in my main account when I log in after 1 min I able to play Hanging for some times.. My suggestion is to put alliance shield Like Kingdom shield.  For 1 hour or more than 1 in 24 hour.. So we can secure offline people. Only r4 can do it..  Thank you
Fantastic game, addictive, ability to play PVP. But. I have had so much trouble playing this game on my current platform (mobile) and it won't even load on my laptop, gets to 95% and reloads the page. More often than not, I'm locked in my castle for DAYS, and atm cannot even switch accounts. If they fixed the glitches, instead of making crazy new events, it would be a great game. I hope you all have a better time than I have, playing clash of king-crashes.
Waist of time and money. Elex does not care for a hack free game experience. I got castle to p5 and down the drain due to my account being hacked. I asked for help and I'm still waiting on a response on this issue will be reaolved.
This game is a scam. Run by a Chinese company that lets chinese run massive amount of bots.  People pay money to try and beat them until they get fed up and move to a new server and the cycle continues.  DONT BE STUPID PEOPLE. THE BOTS ARE OWNERS OF THE COMPANY TRYING TO CREATE AS MUCH INCOME AS THEY CAN. All of the positive review are the boys doing their job, so you can see just how many of them they have working for them.  Like I said. IT'S A SCAM!!
The game used to be great and fun if you spent alittle you got alot and fighting provided the rest. But the games admin have continually altered the game until you know have to pay to even remotly compete . Every event except dragon conquest is set up purely to get money out of you with poor value for money and any issue raised to admin will either be a tough luck response or the issue is yours not ours. the game has basically become a direct debit out of my account that will soon be gone now there is no fun anymore i will urge others to leave to another game too if the admin dont start listening
Don't play if u don't wanna spend thousands of dollars or pounds. game develop for chainees players. they overtake hole Kingdom 139. they have developer in there... plus game lost balance I had 1mln troops t9 then 1 guys with p5 just wipe them out without loosing even 30k units. game lost there point long time ago. if u starting now u don't have a chance to catch up with chainees players.  good luck and good night.
Same as original, you can get to the second and third islands at the start. No boats on the second island so don't get stuck there. Go to the third island, buy the one shack and then find 70 packages before you buy the condo. You can do all the side quests at the start except the chopper checkpoints. The firefighter missions will require you to somehow get a firetruck to the first island unless you can wait.
I fondly remember playing Vice City on the PS2 when it first came out. This port is an excellent version of that game with some minor changes that I don't believe affect it negatively. First there are some songs taken out from the radio, the cost of buying business is much cheaper and easier overall and the controls (especially first person mode while shooting) are difficult to master. However, the game runs flawlessly and loads very quickly. It's takes on a minute or so to get into the game and causing chaos. I imagine with an external controller the game would be much more enjoyable but even with just touch controls it's very enjoyable.
This game is great.....graphics are nice..still needs work but very nice. The controls are OK ...the brake button kinda malfunctions sometime. Other than that no complain here lol...it took 4 downloads to work good.....for anyone who wants to purchase ...do this 1. Download and install game 2. Leave the main GTA vice city purchase page 3. Go to my app page and Watch GTA download from downloads column 4. Once done just click on the icon from the same page 5. Should work...make sure you turn sleep off in settings so game has a better chance working :)
Def better graphics than GTA III. Might have to tweak the display settings of you plan on using in different devices. Not all work flawlessly with high graphics. I wish there was a cloud setting or something to switch my saved info on to another device. Never the less this is still a classic as well and very happy with it! Lookong forward to get San Andreas!
All these kids reviewing this game low. . This game is old and they aren't going to go in an edit anything. Its not made for a controller if u want to use a controller buy it on a console. If u don't have enough space on your device that's your fault for not reading the description. If its not working on your device email them they can help u out or give u a refund. They will never have gta5 on mobile it be like 10gb maybe more and drain ur battery in 1 minute.
Took 5 minutes to download in 4G network onto my Samsung Galaxy S6 phone. I had 13GB of free space on my phone prior to downloading this game. I turned everything up to full max in the settings and the game works great, zero issues with the game play. I got my $5 worth. Thanks guys. P.S. - I do not work for these guys and they did not pay me to say this. Im an everyday person just like you all are.
Don't know what it is but even with the inferior graphics on the mobile platform as opposed to today's console GTA titles, this is where I was introduced to the GTA series on PC, more than a decade ago. Would recommend, in fact, I would insist that you play Vice City and see for yourself, so soooo worth £2.99. Also the controls are top notch, with a customisable layout so you can choose yourself where the onscreen buttons will go.
Many fun slots. Coin packages are reasonable. The new games are great, but I am getting tired of having to unchecked the tiny little box, so that it won't post to Facebook. Took away another star, because I keep getting asked to rate this game over and over again.
Ok  I do love your games.  I am upset that I have to start all over again  when I was at level 1190 and with  several million of coins  but that cool. I WILL be at that level again  .thank you for a wonderful games .it took me a few short years to get to that level I just have to work even more harder to do it again.
Why do you always ask me if I'm enjoying my wins but when I have a HUGE losing streak, you don't ask me if I'm enjoying my losses? I love this slot game out of all the ones I have played. I don't love how the games shut down on winnings, especially during peak play periods. I just want to enjoy a relaxing game of slots but not if I am always on a losing streak.
I still love the game even though I feel cheated every time I play. It gives me a few good wins  but if you play the game of the day it takes your money and never let's you win any back. Do not play today's game. Lost all my money with no wins
Great graphics,creatively designed games,Highly addictive!!!I've been playing Slotomania for almost 6 years.Still think it's the greatest slot online!You can try others, but you'll always come back to Slotomania . Love the new games! Always fun to play, can't stop! Thank you!
All these reels are bullshit! Dead spin! Everyone spam all the fake reviews and like all the real ones!!!! Horrible payouts! Dead spin! Bullshit! Wicked fortunes = wicked losses. More dead spin. 60M to zero in no time flat! Sixth birthday of dead spins! Christmas dead spins! New Years dead spins! Dead spins galore.
Slotomania has become yet another money hungry game.. I have spent afew years supporting what was once my favorite game.. I'm a good financial supporter that will now be paying NO MORE! Less chance of being wrauted by an actual casino. "BEYOND DISSAPOINTED!!"
I stopped playing for awhile because of glitches, but came back about 8 months ago.  Very happy with the games for the most part.  Love the slotto cards but find it difficult to complete a set.  It's not for lack of play... I'm on level 2050 something.. and still not platinum... Really? But for the most part I do love the variety of different games
Absolutely love this game. However after the recent update I can not get it to load on my Amazon Fire anymore.  Loads up and after about 5 seconds stops. I have already uninstalled it and reinstalled it and it still will not stay open. Please fix the issue! Wouldn't waste your $$ till they fix the issue
I don't know what everyone is griping about. My game has the exact same graphics as pvz free and my vase breaker game works perfectly fine. I'm running Android 5.1.1; maybe people are having issues with Android 4.4 or below? Anyways, great game!
I fell in love with this game the second I began playing it.. but now I get bored with it because everytime I get a new phone, i am forced to start over. I do not have the greatest luck with phones, Why is there not a way to login in and save the game so that you can pick up wehre you left off from any device? ughh.
Game would not connect with Google Play. Kept telling me that I needed to log in to my account. I was logged in. I made several attempts at opening the game. Restarted phone. Still could not get the game to play. Finally uninstalled and reinstalled the game. Now it works but I have to start from the beginning again after I had achieved all the plants, completed all the levels and completed several achievements. Not happy :'(
when you log into the game that looks like a broken Nintendo cartridge just shows lines across the screen and static looking squares... the only reason I'm not taking this review down is because I want to know who wrote it
1-25-2016: I installed an update and now the animation is bloated across the screen and I have no control over setting down my plants. In vase breaker I hold a plant and try to move it to the front line and it just drops right where the vase was. Please fix this. This is the only game I play regularly. It also crashes in mid-play.
Before most recent update the app would stop all the time. After the update, many of the bonus games were removed and the vase breaker game is a catastrophe. Selecting a plant will usually cause it to be planted on the spot, other times, you can tap and tap and the plant will not take root.
New version loses all stats. -- New version is low quality pixelated graphics. -- New version loses all paid purchases. -- New version is slow & laggy. -- No support, thieves. -- GARBAGE -- Advertisements in a paid application. Go rot in a pit. -- Seriously, you got paid, I don't care if it is $0.01 or $1000.00. -- You got paid, therefore advertisements should be removed. -- I'll take lessons taught here & keep them in mind to decide if I should purchase future titles from publisher & developers involved.
I love these games and they are always so much fun. I think it is a great game. The only thing I would change is to have more items in the shop, like they have on the computer. I have like 5,000 dollars and I can't even spend it on anything so their is really no point in getting any money. I also think they should let you choose where you want the items and I would like it if you could customize your chatacter, too. It is still a great game and if your bored this is the game I would play. 👍
I don't know whether I've left any reviews like this in any of your other apps, but I just wanted to say that these games are all great. I love them all. I'm at level 47, and still chugging along at this game. (I usually get bored with most games quickly.) I'm not just talking about your app games or Papa's games either. I'm also talking about the computer games -all of them- as well. (Jacksmith is my personal favorite. If you could make that into an app, I'd buy it.) Well anyways, keep up the good work!
Love all the games from Flipline, but the app versions are a bit disappointing. The online versions are so much better as you can customize your character and there are so many more features to the game, such as the ability to change your daily specials, change your characters clothing with the holiday season and send coupons to your customers. I much prefer the online versions, but these to-go apps are still great just not as fun, but great for when you just need to play a fun game that occupies your time while you're waiting.
I love this game. It is sooooooo fun. Although after you become better than Papa it gets a little bit boring but you get alot of customers altogether. I am now looking for another one like this. I cannot find another one as good as this. The only game that competes with this game is papas hot doggeria which they have not made yet
I really enjoyed the game on PC. There was customization, there were games, you could change the lobby. None of that is in the To Go version at all. Waste of money, very dissapointed with the game. The only thing they kept was the game mechanics. I bought everything within the first 10 levels and now I just have tons of money sitting around. Was not worth the dollar. Not only that, but it gets extremely boring within 20 - 30 levels. Super repetitive. Pathetic attempt at a game, and I want a refund.
After a while you will accomplish it all but it is so worth $0.99. I absolutely love it and it is so much fun. The quality is good and so are the buttons. Way different from the computer version but in a good way. The only reason there isn't mini games is because these are the early games that haven't been created with mini games. The other games that aren't on mobile yet are the ones with tickets and games.
I absolutely love this game, both this and the PC version. Everything runs smoothly on my phone, and the new controls are easy to understand. My only gripe is that only 6 customers gets boring after a while. I think it would be a lot better if you could have increasing amounts of customers, like you do in the normal game.
Angry that I had a LOT of boosts accumulated over time and you wiped them all out and now you want me to pay for them bullshit!!!!!!!! I don't even wanna play anymore
I am unable to stay logged in to Facebook since the last update. When I start the game I have to log back every time.
I was happy with the game until today's update. I had so many bonuses collected and after update it's all gone. Really annoying
NOOOO I DID THE UPDATE AND NOW IT WON'T OPEN CRASHES AT ORANGE KING LOADING SCREEN! PLEASE FIX IT FAST I NEED MY GAME BACK!
Phew made it 2 Lvl 356😉 A Very Tuff lvl 2 Pass! So far takN ovr lots + lives tryN 2 beat this & I'll Fig it out.This level I Don't like! At least I'm moving up! 😄 Read manE reviews sum R Loi funE, NutE. I 💝 Ur New daily free items & I've rec'd many level up boosters, Ty! 😆 Long haul 2 lvl 1060? 😉 I'm enjoying ur new daily freebies Ty! 😄 I do luv in App sounds! Cute yet VERY ChallengN ~Where did all Boosters Go/lvl324, On my New devices? 😯
Pissed off because it has been crashing at the orange king screen Uninstalled reinstalled and still don't work . It was one of my favorite games
Since the recent update it keeps crashing. Ive lost so many lives this way, really not fair
Pissed that after almost 1400 regular levels, and almost 400 "night time" levels, I have not once hit the damn jackpot on the wheel!!  That is a complete scam!!!  Basic odds tell you that I should have hit a least a few times.
I would like to say I really really like this game however I wish like in candy Witch Saga you can get as many lifes that are sent to you instead of only 10 in one day. It would also be nice for those of us who make it to newer levels that there are some kind of reward sbecause some of these levels are so difficult you would think there would be some kind of reward when you complete them hover there is not so I'm only giving you a three and a halfyyyy
I love this game but after updating the game today it has frozen. I've purchased a lot of boosters this week alone. I used a wagon wheel for this level and I'm stuck there on my third move...cannot make a move. Very frustrating! If I push "end game" I lose my wheel, game and it's a hard level. I hope Candy Crush will respond to my emails.
Edit: now i see how they f u to get money...unlock stages...good lord..should be illegal and sued. Love all the fake 5 star reviews just to get boosters  same cheats when they don't want you to win but at least free boosters. Guess they screwed enough people out of money to not care anymore..kinda..they must have a little hope they can still milk this rigged game
Could you please fix the challenges? I've been complaining for months. As soon as it hits midnight in the UK, the challenge disappears even though there are many hours left on the clock.
I'm having trouble at the start up screen every since the update. I love this game! I'm on level 1790 and I'm scared to uninstall bc I might lose my progress. Please fix the login issue.  I need my candy crush fix. Oh, btw, I have hit the jackpot on the spin wheel!!
Love the game. Been playing for a long time but since the update I can't login with Facebook and get the lives my friends sent. Plus all my boosters keep disappearing. Please fix so I can play again
I love the game, its very addictive and easy to play. I actually started my game over twice because the first time I got a new phone and it wasn't linked or idk what it was, I even emailed yall to help find it and never got a email back, so I made a new one got really high. Then it got boring cuz it was so much. I always died once they had inferno. So I got a new phone again and I didn't want to link that big one so I started over and I love the game again!
This game is AWESOME! I like everything about it, the troops, the battle style, and the design to it all really works! Just a few things, the dragon has a little graphic glitch, you can see through where the wing connects to the body xD doesnt matter, just thought i should mention it. Also, i think you guys should try and make the animations more fluid, like the giant nowadays. It looks nice :) thank you and i reccomend this game to all!!
Everything is good. I loved it all the graphics were good it's addictive the gameplay was good everything was extremely good. The only thing that bothers me is that the upgrade time is kind of long but all it requires is a little patience and you can build up your village just keep working. Also I haven't seen a single ad. There are so many ads in other games I've played this game for nearly four years haven't seen a single ad supercell I want you to make more games also to people who do like this game try out Boom Beach another game by Supercell. That's all Clash on
Only dislikes are the cost and times of updates. Which are directly impacts at the higher levels. Only 6 gold mines or  only 6 elixir mines, at this time. What's the point of having 5 builders if you have to buy gems to upgrade or waite almost 4 days or more for resources. The game is great but higher levels need more balance when it comes to resources.
Although the game over all seems good. Not to much loss if attacked and easy to follow game play. Options to watch how you were defeated in a replay to make any changes needed. Only big downer is the two builders. And only two items can be upgraded unless you pay cash for more. They make it seem possible to make an in game purchase of a third but it will take you weeks before ever getting near there. So that is only down side to playing I have so far come across
I Love this game.Although there should be some better bits to include such as, 1: New Troops like Ghosts, Werewolves and some other cool creatures. 2:GEM MINESS because when ur high level like me its really long and hard to upgrade unless you buy gems. Thanks guys for this amazing game and Keep putting good updates in,, gotta make a new supercell game
It's exactly like a real duel! Given you typically have less cards in your hand, your deck, and less cards you can play on the field (3 monster cards is the limit instead of 5), everything else is the exact same. You buy packs, you construct your deck the way you want it, and you play as Yu-Gi-Oh characters which I totally love. There's even a PvP option. Not to mention the game is totally free to play, with of course in game purchase options. I absolutely love this so far!!
The game is great and all but im really only interested in challenging other players. I wish there was 5 slots like the card game and nore life points. I love the animations tho. But what really gets annoying is the stagering... i struggle to log in every single time. I wish that the game was made simpler. Like clash royal is. Very basic and you can even be part of a clan. Would be cool if you could play as 2 players vs 2 players like the card game. But seriously please increase the space on your servers.
It's a great game. I've been playing Yu Gi Oh for a long time.. This game is good but still lack of few things such as the deck limit, the monster summon field and trap and spell cards field should be 5 slot. It's kinda akward to play it when you just can 3 monster on the field. Moreover, there should be a second phase. I hope it will improve because this is such a good game. If it improve I think I will love it more than my favourite, Yu-Gi-Oh! Night Troubadour..
What a great game! Love the controls, gameplay, and everything! And the tutorials are great for players that don't know how to play. As someone who's played Yugioh quite a bit, this app is wonderful!   The only thing I'll say is lower the price for buying packs. I would buy them if they weren't so expensive. $1 for one pack? Outrageous! Especially because it's an online game.
Great game and all. Just have a reminder if you don't setup your konami id for backup purposes. Also the servers crash frequently. When a game is this popular, you have to get more decent/high quality servers and eventually the load to them will balance. Although servers can be expensive short term, long term always good. Assuming that is the logical next step, I have no worries that they will soon achieve that.
It's nice to have a way to play YuGiOh again and this game is pretty good at honoring what it was like to play YGO back in the old days, gathering cards from trading and buying packets and playing your friends with those eh decks you've built. However, I could do without this being heavily focused on the anime. I'd like it if I could just duel like it's predecessor,  Dueling Network. I know I can turn most of the flashy animations and long conversations between characters, but I still feel like I'm playing a game meant for a five year old, rather then the 20 year olds this game was focused for. Oh well, still enjoyable enough that I just deal with it.
Game overall is good, fast paced and easy to understand. Downside is PvP seems a bit laggy and most of my games tend to be me "winning" because my rival loses connection or something. To those that know yu-gi-oh the game is a small bit different as it's three monster, three spell/trap. However; it's pretty visually, story is interesting and the easy of getting cards is nice. You actually do not really need to spend money unless you really really want cards. If I can actually try the PvP decently I'd give this a 5 star.
Its a start for big fans of the game, like myself. Has great graphics, good voice acting and has the basics of the actual game. Overall I like it, however there is something I believe are missing... 1. Shouldn't there be five available monster and spell slots on the field 2. A max deck is 40 cards not 30 3. If a field card is in play, couldn't it alter the stadium to make it more fun. 4. Better servers, too many times kicked out and waiting for entry. than that I am happy, see you in the arena!
Enjoyed the game alot, would give a interesting distraction to walking the dog. Made the last update and discovered that I have a non compatible device. My options now being to either stop playing or by a new device!! I use a lenovo k3 with android 4.4 .I wonder how many people when being given the non compatible device option will stop playing and look for a alternative?
The game itself is a great idea there is literally no reason to play anymore. walking miles in the freezing cold to get pokestops, catching the same old pokemon in the freezing cold, and then rotting a gym in the freezing cold only to lose it in 10 mins to a spoofer wheres the new content to keep players playing theres no ends to a means
It is fun and actually free entertainment for say a date night for couples playing together after being married for more than 20 years. Fun, G rated, challenges the competitive side in one and builds confidence helps get u moving and outside. 1 can drive from pókestop to pókestop if health issues restrict a person. No purchase in game needed just fuel in the car and the will to spend time and have fun together!!#
Love the game & still play but after the recent update nothing seems to be spawning. All I get is Ratata's & any other pokemon just show up as a circle shadow & I can't catch it cause the game thinks theres nothing there. It does load a lot quicker for me but I'm not about only catching rats.
The game brings back good old memories. Just wish we can battle with friends. With each new updates, it becomes better, yet most of the updates should have been done much earlier. Plus please make the battle more meaningful, as in at least give some experience for cp increase of a Pokemon.
Great concept but there are a few things you can do to improve. First of all, try putting the real voice of all pokemons. Secondly, bring an update that allows to trainers to battle each other. Thirdly, provide more candies when u transfer an evolved pokemon. For example, transferring pidgey gives one candy, a pidgeotto should give 2 and a pidgeot should give 3.
I love playing these slots. The bonuses are fun and the slots are really close in comparison to those i play at the casinos. My only complaint is you don't get enough coins to even play for 10 minutes then wait 3 hrs for more. My wheel spins usually result in the lowest amount possible on the wheel.
By far my favorite casino / slot app. Dont understand why I only lose. Why so greedy with free coins? I only get 220. I refuse to spend money on any of these games.  The graphics  are the best ive seen.its just a shame I cant play much since 220 free coins go so quickly.         Ok so I found how to earn coins by watching short video adds for playstore. This is good . Ill change to 5 stars. Thanku
I really like this game with all the great slots but for the last 2 months have not been able to send or collect gifts without the game freezing.  It will freeze 3 or 4 times in collecting 500 gifts and same when sending. I have 2900 plus friends and can't send as the send button does not come back after 1st freeze.  It can take up to 3 hrs to collect 1m coins so I can play for 5 min.   I am very frustrated and do not enjoy playing.  If it worked properly like it use to it would be great again
Probably the best free slot game I've ever downloaded. It keeps you going and you win often.. Mermaid Mischief and The Frankenstein slot are the best ones. Give it a shot..it's really entertaining....&lt;- that was a review I wrote a week ago or so...since the update this game has really gone downhill...the payouts and free spins has really been sad and the new chip feature isn't all that it's cracked up to be. This game was fine before the update..if it ain't broke don't fix it.
I didn't mind spending a few bucks to get more E-money to play with, but if people are going to be doing that at least reward them with winning some jackpots. I like the games and features. The payouts could be a little better also.
The payouts have been really few and far between the last month or so... now the new bonus game has jipped me out of hundreds of points based on bet amount. I would've easily finished the bonus game by now but it won't register my points.
Very addicting
A wonderful game for all ages way to go Toy Blast
I will play this game every day because it is so good
Great time waster
Very addicting, yet pleasently challenging! Thank you.
It is an awesome and addicting game and everyone should own it! 😁
Nice game
Cute game
Its just a different version of candy crush so far
It's rather like chess and not much fun. Technically excellent though. Though the graphics look simple and not many things moving, an ARMv7 may overheat.
The game itself is great. Interesting puzzles, original idea. But the problem is that half the time it crashes shortly after beginning to play. This last time this caused it to completely forget my progress (lvl 2-13). And now I'm back to the first level. This is enough to make me hate this game on general principle. Doubt I'll ever play it again. Waste of money for me. Basically, fix your game before charging money for it. (update 2/7/17: the problem resolved itself and then did the exact same thing again. After a ton of tapping at controls that make no sense I found my way to the menu that allows me to choose a level instead of just throwing me immediately into the first level))
I like the concept...find it weird how you only get so few hints on a free game though. Something where if you are stuck on a level for a while then offer a hint would make more sense to me
I don't really like to play games that much. But I just can't stop to play with this game. Once again, best game I've played so far
The app auto-updated while I was playing and I lost all my progress. Really disappointed!
The mechanics are clean, the visuals are gorgeous and stylistic, the puzzles are well designed, but it all falls a little flat as a hitman game without mission briefings, government conspiracies, and the dirty little secrets of your targets.  Without a reason to tie it all together, the game just isn't compelling and I rarely feel like coming back to it. The game is great, technically speaking, but it doesn't make you WANT to play it.
Most addictive game i have ever played. Beautiful graphics and peaceful background music make this game much interesting. Blow up your mind when you play this game.
This is the most beautiful, fascinating game I've ever played. I finished the whole thing in a couple hours, but every moment was amazing and I was only sad that it was over so soon. Also, I would pay SO MUCH money for actual models of these boxes and devices for my home. Minus the creepy otherwordly voices and things obviously.
The game will transport you into this virtual world of puzzles that its so easy to forget that you are actually playing this on a mobile. The clues may not be the toughest to solve but keeps you hooked until you complete the game. The only short coming that I think of is that the game is too short and didn't last beyond one weekend!Fortunately sequels to the game are already available.
I've waited for a game like this for a long time!! It's amazing, one of the best gaming apps I've ever played. You savour every puzzle you tackle, resist the use of the hint button no matter how hard it gets and relish at the accomplishment of solving it. Even better is the fact that there's a story to it, and I'm definitely getting the Room 2 soon. 10/10 Buy this game, you won't regret it.
If you like interactive brain teaser puzzles then you must try this one. Very well crafted, great graphics and good story line. It's quite hard to put down once you get started. This will keep you on your toes, anticipating the next chapter. Makes you think outside the box. I'm gonna play The Room Two & Three then come back to this one if the next one hasn't been released yet. Good job developers! 😃
I very rarely write reviews but felt compelled to with this game. This is the most intriguing, creative and fun game I have played from an Android device. Like people have said previously, the puzzles are not frustratingly difficult, but can still present a challenge. There is a "clue" feature to help if you're stumped. Graphics are great and the storyline around which the puzzles are created for draws you in. Can't wait to try out the sequel's.
The Room is stacked full of brain teasing puzzles from wall to wall and will have you constantly searching every corner to find out how to solve the next task. The look of the game is very pleasing and is complimented fantastically by a very atmospheric sound track all of which is tied together nicely with an intriguing storyline. The only thing that is stopping me from giving this a full 5 is that I found it to be a little short but in no way should this put you off buying this gem of a game.
I've been playing lots of escape room games, but this one has no contest. Capturing storyline and great graphics. Love the 3D navigation which opens up so many more options, as well as putting you deeper into the game. But most impressive was the intricacy of all the machinery. I can't even imagine the work put into that. Fantastic! I never thought I'd actually purchase a game. Ever. But this was so incredibly worth it. I just finished it and I want to play it again! Can't wait to play Room 2.
Almost every time I try to open this game, it freezes and will not open...please fix this problem...I'd like to play the game I purchased!
Still not working .....Not Happy
How do you see your own score while playing in solo mode?
It keeps crashing
What used to be a fun game that I paid for, as well as the Master version, turned into a social app on Facebook. It is no longer like the real game. You get cheats in the form of coins you spend. There is no way to disable waiting for the new deal option you can buy with the dumb coins, and the level up xp career points have nothing to do with the physical game. How do I get the version back that I used to enjoy? I tried the free version, liked it enough to buy it, and then it was changed. A whole new social media version should have been made and not this one...or at least allow the new "features" to be disabled. Out of the hundreds of apps (literally) I have purchased over the years this is only the second time I have left negative feedback.
The new update ruined the game... I love the new phases, but having to spend 2 coins every round sucks. Also. I hate that you have to wait through if you want to buy wilds or exchange the hand you were dealt before the round starts is obnoxious... It was pointless to pay to not see ads anymore because you have to watch ads to get coins. Lame... I want the old game back.
This used to be a great game.  But then they added extra levels and themes. This was ok. The coins are even fine. The problem is these questions on each and every deal.  No I don't want a wild card and I don't want to change my cards. It completely disrupts the peaceful flow of the game, so much that I don't even play it anymore.
Enjoyed this game before 11/2016 update.  Now there are 2-3 coin pop- ups per round.  Other phase games included used to be 2 coins total to play, now they are 2+ coins per round!  I find the game nearly unplayable with these atrocious "updates".
The app crash when selecting multi-player. This makes the game virtually worthless. It's been like this through multiple updates and on two different phones. Sent emails to the developer but have never gotten a response in the last 18 months.
Plzzz add multiplayer 2. New guns and weopan customizations 3. New mounts  you can build  I wanna build a vehicle . p.s I bought this the game the day it came out so I'm a big fan
I haven't even open the game but from the looks of it...i love it so much. I thought the first game was hung up because there were no updates. Finally! I coulf enjoy realistic survivalcraft! I'll update after playing the game. (Edit) As i expected...i love it!
I love the idea of sulvivalcraft. I think it's better than minecraft,terrira all those. It has potential. So I and so many others have supported you by paying the 3 or so dollors for both games. So why can't you add multiplayer?!?!? Minecraft did it no prob and I know you do this alot on your own I think. But your getting popular now so get a team and get multiplayer and mods we need them let there be mods. Please i beg you also add a mine cart that would be cool bye
BETTER THAN MINECRAFT BECAUSE ITS REALISTIC,A REAL SURVIVAL ISSUE.. I HOPE MULTIPLAYER WILL COME UP SOON SO THAT WE CAULD BUILD AND GO FOR ADVENTURE TOGETHER,THAT WOULD BE GREAT.. PLEASE ADD MORE BIOMS SIR,LIKE FOREST,JUNGLE,AND MAKE IT A BIT BIGGER BIOMS TOO.. THANK YOU SIR,IM FULL SUPPORT WITH YOUR GAME... 5 STAR FOR THIS
It's great! I love the game and especially the furniture, but I have suggestions. I know this is a BIG request, but maybe you could add bigger storms? Like waves, and tornadoes? If it's possible I will definitely rate 5 stars.
The controls are shockingly bad in this version. Having to lift off the screen to hit a different direction button just doesn't work. Make it the same as in SC1 and it'll be perfect.
It needs multiplayer. There are so many great things that can be done with this game in multiplayer. This is kind of a rip-off, though, because the original Survivalcraft has the same things. It is only a little bit different. There also needs to be more Biomes and naturally generated structures.
some of the details need more attention, like the light block, i love the idea of being able to have a fire effect on some furniture, but i don't always want it, and it would be nice if i could change the size of the flames. also some more paint colors would be nice, like orange, or brown.
Awesome
Awesome
Everything I open the app it just sounds like a static TV. It won't even let me turn it down in the volume settings. Would be five stars otherwise because it's an awesome game.    UPDATE: The update still didn't fix the noise problem so I'm changing it to one star until fixed
I have had this game for many years now. Throw the time I've had issues with the game play. But everything is fine. I am curious on one thing. Will the makers of nba jam update to the current roster. The last one is from the 2015 season I do believe. It would definitely be great if we could have the newest roster.
It's that simple. One thing though. I paid for this game. Can we get an updated roster? More unlockable players? Create a player? Something to give it just a little depth and probably bring in a fresh user base... Just saying
I'm 45 yrs old and I remember when this game first came out on the console system and I just love this game, brings back sum good oldskool  memories , the graphics are great ,game play & controls are decent too. BOOM-SHOCKA-LOCKA!! HE'S HEATING UP!!   HE'S ON FIRE!!!!     thanks for making this BADAZZ!game available on a cellphone. On a different note➡GO SEAHAWKS!!!!!!
When I try to play online through wifi it puts me in a match then disconnects me from it and there is a red wifi icon on the top left hand of the screen what is wrong with the game and how do I fix that problem
Finally..... i stopped playing it because the game made a static sound so loud it was hard to play ..but now it seems they fixed it before it was in-game download now it seems to be all at ounce. it works just fine i love this game only one i have in my phone next to ff6
Everyone on here, complaining that it isn't better when you still get to play needs to get a life. This game is fun to play. Very fun. If it doesn't work, then delete it. It's probably something on your end that isn't working correctly. But if not, just get rid of it. If you need $5 back that bad, then you shouldn't have spent it on the first place
I haven't even started the game. You know why? downloading the extra files takes way too long, and I'm using 4g LTE!
Summoner Asia Server: ✌iBeta Awfully ripping me off, im already lvl45 and im playing with my workmates and i never got a chance to have a good monster very unfair! Now i got a 5 star but seriously??? A support??? I really love how the game does and im not being picky about it but... Anyways ill be back with a 5 star rate if i got a better monsters .. thank you Come2Us and more powers!! 03feb17... Awfull i opened 11scrolls today with 1 summoning stones and non of them is even a 4 star!!! I wanna cry 😭
Really enjoying this game, playing for about a year. Biggest disappointment is new set up for their Halls of Heroes.  I do recommend this game, been getting friends to play.
One of the best mobile phone game of its time. Supporting staff from Com2Us are very accommodating and helps you urgently in times of trouble. Newcomers should give this a try. You will surely enjoy this.
Even though people are saying its pay to win, it isn't really you can get plenty of crystals to buy mystical scrolls and bundles and such, it is ridiculously overpriced like £100 for a bundle but it isn't necessarily pay to win considering you can literally grind and get things just as good as people who pay. No. Its not pay to win. It helps if you buy bundles but it doesn't change the fact that you CAN grind for strong monsters. Great game. Best mobile game i have ever played. After a long break i came back to the game and i'm still loving the events and grind as much as i used to when i first started.
Too many bugs to list. Worst optimized app I've ever seen. _Destroys_ batteries. Random crashes. Bad translations. Generic graphics. Boring, ripoff monster designs. Lags bad. Insane in app purchases ($100). Play this only if you never spend a dollar, & for the social aspect if you have friends who play & if, like me, you kind of enjoy the extremely slow repetitive endless grind that is most of the "game" (I hesitate to call it a game as it has almost no actual gameplay). Otherwise, stay far, far away.
This game is great. Ive spent 2 and a half years playing it. It gets super frustrating a lot of the time with upgrading and trying to find the right runes. Good luck
I've been playing this game everyday for almost a year. Love it!!! Highly recommend it to everyone.... UPDATE upset now because the new HoH update has made the entire event stupid and it isn't appealing for someone like me who is midgame and enjoyed playing it the entire weekend to get as many skillups as I wanted. Sucks....
Excellent graphics packed into a really fun turn based game. You can collect all of your favorite star wars characters and customize your battle squads. And now they added a new element with the addition of ship battles! Really a quality game with always evolving content.
I had never even seen Star Wars until I played this game. It made me watch all of the star wars series and wow. Absolutely amazing. This game has all the background characters. The gameplay is Semi-Active turn based combat. When u start u are in a league of ur own 20,000 so u dnt have to catch up to beta players! All the heroes are f2p, obviously $$$ speeds it up. This game only lacks a World Chat... 4* until then.... Updates are always amazing!! Keep it up!!
Loved it. And still love it. Played for around a year now got seven and six stars. Top game for free to play players. Can't fault it. Great opportunities and great advancements available.  Thanks developers for a massive experience full of new updates. One suggestion would be a real time pvp time limited moves. Top idea. Sort it. And I'm free2play.So you don't have to spend anything to be great. That's the force. Great game all round, fleet battles now open and it just gets better all the time, amazing, thanks so much devs!!!
Game is very fun even if you don't  pay to win (like me) I do think they should add more characters  though like from rebels  and the clone wars series and we also don't have Luke Skywalker as a jedi?  We have an event for Jyn Erso amd se robot but not the prodigal son of star wars? Whats up with that EA? That and they should change how the tier 7 character shards work, I believe it would be fair to give han solo shards through out tier 6 and 7 even if it was a minimum  amount of 5 per raid
This is a really well put together game and would have it at 5* but for the financing model. At a certain points it becomes very hard (or very slow) to progress without spending real money. Personally I'm happy to pay for games, but not to spend potentially limitless amounts on progressing.
Love that it can still be free to play but in app purchases are there if you want to buy something. Its not necessary. I recommend this to all Star Wars fans out there ❤ Thanks for the free Rogue One Giveaway to android users exclusively! Proud to have an Android phone 😊
Okay so, im not too big a fan of turn-based strategy games, but this one has me hooked. Non-stop playing since i downloaded it, which was a few days ago.  Already lvl 37, bought some packs for extra characters. LOVE the Shore Trooper! Hope they add more characters throughout! So much stuff to do, and rightfully rewards you for your completed tasks.  This is probably the only mobile game i play on the daily, even had me stop playing my Xbox for a bit haha
Too many bugs with no fixes.  Mega castles have free will and normal castles have no defense except to permanently shield. It cost too much to heal or repair.
why are there so many fake possitive reviews? the devs doesn't do anything about the chinese running hundreds of bots and ruining the game, is our real money not enough? or it's ok to take that % cut from real world traders in exchange for their freedom to abuse bots?
Its a great addictive game to play and meet new friends online across the globe... i just wish things wouldn't take so long to upgrade and be so costly. Oh yeah if you could join other alliances in other kingdoms would be awesome.
Multiple bugs, must pay real $$ in order to have a chance. Players accounts being hacked and stolen and developers and mods do nothing to get them back no matter how much money you habe spent on game. They won't  even fix their glitches and claim their game is flawless and any bugs are with your network
If you have money you can win at this game! This is not a strategy game at all! When the server creates something to help smaller alliances eg the cannon! And it proves effective, amazingly the server changes the rules so it is more difficult and costly to use! This has happened with fort traps also! If you buy upgrades you will become powerful but again they have raised the price of packs to a rediculous cost! Very disappointing there is no level playing field and is as much a stategy game as a game of highest card wins! Basically the more money you spend, the better off you will be!
It's a fun game but they have no protection and don't care about beginner players. Developers masquerade as players and raid your bases to get you to spend lots of real cash  you will know because attacks will occur when you have high resources only when trying to upgrade castle even though you are away from other players. You've been warned
Awesomeness. ..please lower amount of resources for castle 24 & up its so hard to afford  please ur the best game ever...we jus luv the perks n gifts keeps us all wanting to play more...thank u guys
The lucky wheel is bogus. I used lucky wheel and landed on the same thing 9 times in a row. I got the same chest 3 times and no matter where you select, the items i got was in the exact same order. Lucky wheel is clearly bugged
I remember buying this on release day in 2002. If you'd have told me that a decade or so down the line I'd be playing it on a mobile phone I'd have declared you insane. Mobile phones then had Snake as a game, space impact was as good as it got. It's crazy how a game as complex and huge as this can be played at high res on something that fits in your pocket. Brilliant port, runs really smooth. Controls are well placed. A must for any gamer. I never completed it on PS2, time to finally see it out.
The HD remaster is great however... A lot of songs have been removed. Also touch controls are trash. They're only ideal on a tablet, and even then a controller is still better. The game runs fantastic on a Galaxy Note 4 on a snap dragon 805 cpu. I get 60fps and probably a minimum of 25 but I average about 40 I'd say.
Great story line,  interesting characters,  lots of missions,  ive only played gta san andreas on pc, before,  but i may actually like this one even better. Using samsung galaxy TAB S, just one request. The car driving experience does not reflect in real time, in respond to my steering.  Hard enough to complete driving missions,  this makes it almost impossible. Love it other wise. Thanks in advance.
Controls are the biggest issue. If you have the patience they can get fairly accurate. Its very playable. But otherwise the game is unchanged. Aside from graphics update. And the ability to instant replay missions. Played well on my ace style. (A phone the game wasnt tested on) so 5 stars. Looking forwars to buying gta 3 next payday
Sharper visuals albeit with some funky textures, game loads at a blistering fast pace, nice pc like settings to change your visual fidelity and draw distance if your device lacks power. The only drawback is the controls, this is the only thing that is holding this game back. Nothing beats controller or keyboard mouse input. Played on Galaxy S6.
Completed 100%. Some missions are fairly tough with touch controls but it's doable. Pretty well a perfect port. I mean come on... Its ps2 era GTA on your phone. Its worked on every phone ive had over last few years with basically max settings. Currently on an LG G3 and runs great. Little Haiti is a bit laggy on any setting but there is a lot of polys in that area of the map.
I never leave reviews normally but just had to for this one to counter all the people moaning about not having good enough devices to play it on. Downloaded for Honor 6 Plus phone and runs like a dream. Kept me entertained for ages during a week long hospital stay. If anything the auto targeting makes things too easy , swap to manual for a challenge ;)
The controls and updated graphics make this game so much more better than the original. If you think the drivings bad try a new car but in all  honesty I always have sucked at divining gta. Maybe get a controller? This has the best sound track of the series and is a must have for scar face fans. The story is amazing and I enjoy every minute playing this game.
Slotomania is terrible on bonuses.  You win 140mil in a spin, and it takes right back. It's not real...give me a break. Gonna start searching for a different slot game!
The spin count needs to be shifted. Should show # of spins left, not spin your on. Should end on 0 not 1. Also $ count should change when u hit spin not after its done spinning. Overall play is fun. Pretty addictive, as it should be. Should also give the ability to uninstall a slot you dont like.
Those who say they lose all their coins must be betting really big. I built mine up from the 10,000 free coins they give everyday to over 93 million now, and NOT ONCE have I bought any coins.
I'm still wondering how to get a jackpot win when you have to Max bet which is equivalent to 1 million dollars. I haven't even come close to having that much coin. Even with all the free coin giveaways and bonuses. I still have yet even come close. I will be Damned if I will spend real money for virtual coin when it's a losing sitchi kany way. I'll give it a few more days to see what happensk. Slotomania Slots you have your chance and the ball is in your court. I give a 3-star rating probably 2 stars too many.     Yep boring game going to delete. Well I ambdeleting now I had given it another week and half. I still have 6st to ev3n come above my daily chips. I'm done
What an absolute joke. Had some great game play then absolutely nothing. You are a joke. Don't worry about your loyal players its all about the dollar and how you can make people spend money for nothing. Thank god I'm not stupid enough to buy fake coins!!!!! Wow it gets even better 120millon and not a single win. As for stupid cards your bet higher get cards is a joke!!!!!
I like this game alot! The only problem is that when the server goes down platika wont give you back the credits you loose. Other than that.... Its fun
This game is garbage. Even real slot machines pay out on occasion to keep you playing. This sorry excuse for slots is just a bet small and lose or bet larger and lose faster. Literally watched 200 spins in a row all lose, how is that even slightly entertaining?
The game itself is amazing. It's a classic that I highly advise picking up if you have some spare change on you. However, the reason I only gave 3 stars was because after I installed an update for my phone, the game won't open anymore. I was almost complete with the game and now I can't even finish it. Please fix this issue as soon as possible.
I have been playing this on my iPad for a long time now. I recently got a new tablet and I instantly  downloaded Plants vs Zombies. This is a lot different from the ios version. The graphics are not as good, the layout is different, etc. I would definitely recommend this game, but the ios version is probably the best  version.
Tried to install on a new tablet and found this Access condition. This should be before Install so I didn't have to waste my time. Uninstalled. Ever since Electronic arts took over this game had degraded. This is the last straw for me. * Allow access to contacts * Allow access to photos, media, and files
You don't NEED access to my contacts and storage. You just WANT them. If I deny you access, your game should still run. And putting ads in a game I paid for is ridiculous. Shows that EA hates customers but loves money.
I enjoy the game, I have it on my phone, my tablet and my laptop, the problems didn't start until the most recent update. I had all of the survival modes unlocked and now I can only get into the daytime mode. I also had to fee"purchase" two sets of mini games after I had all of them unlocked. When I went onto the website to see how to reunlock the survival modes, I got stuck in an endless loop. I'm so frustrated I'm about to uninstall the game from all 3 devices!
Well, I played the game through to see the ending and watch the video... But they just have credits now.  Ruined the game for me as the old video with the flower singing was the best.  Stupid people, why would you change that?
Update makes the game load slowly and incorectly. Restarted to try and fix, and my save got wiped. Still loaded slow as a turtle in reverse. Glad the "buy our stuff" still works, so I can give the fine makers of this garbage more money.
For several years PvZ was not updated but very playable.  The January 2016 update killed the playable part so that EA could shove in some new pay to play levels.  The graphics are now super pixelated and the foggy levels look horrible.  Shame on you EA!!!
This game is frickin awsome i love it sooo much. I will never get tired of it, one thing i wanted to say though... i really wish you would put all the other games on too
this game is so amazing.. it can definitely more than compete with the browser version! i just like the design so much, the characters, how they stick out their tongues while they speak.. wonderful.. In other cooking games it annoys me when it gets stressful the higher the level you are on, so i think it's awesome that the customer number stays put. It's motivation enough to unlock all those ingredients :&gt; what i would love to see is pancakeria to go and the option to  buy clothes for your character.
One of my favorite kitchen simulator games. I played it as a youngin'. However...if you're gonna re-release a game for mobile, you REALLY should update all the graphics and sounds. A lot of the textures look a little old and pixelated.
It's a really fun and addicting game, but there's only a certain amount of things you can buy, and once you buy them, your money just builds up. It would be nice if there were more things to spend money on, like upgrades or something.
This game is amazing but I have a problem.. This is the 2nd time this has happened to me .. Basically the game on the 6th (or 7th day) when I go back onto the game later on in the day  the screen has turned the wrong way round and I can't play game properly as it's cut of half of screen.. Anyone else had this problem ?.. Really hope can sort this out as love game!
If you have seen or heard of this game some where else and good things about it, get the game!!! It may cost money but you don't need to worry about that cause it is a really good game! And if you don't believe me go look at all the other reviews that have 5 stars!
After that Google play does not give u ur money back. Try it out then take it off that simple. It's really fun and I would recommend it.
Why can't you get more disco balls n other help when playing on a home puter?
Once I started playing, I got hooked on it pretty fast.  Everything just goes together to make a great game
I don't Luke when they restarted my reward BC um retried and all I have us this game I love to play it relaxing and fun
As long as I don't  have any distractions I can play the games and improve  on my past scores. OFF LINE.
Not enough lives as my partner get inlimited lives thats is so unfair keeps crashing not loading anymore since ladt up date not happy
I love this game. I play it all the time, mostly in the mornings while I'm drinking coffee and at night to relax before bed.
I absolutely love this game!! Got onto level 269 and made a new facebook account and its put me back onto level one.. I was so close to crying. Please is there anyway i can resolve this issue?!? 😭😭
After getting a new phone, even though my progress was saved, all of my boosters (100's of them) disappeared and the developer wouldn't restore them. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR MONEY!
Candy Crush Saga needs to get their act together, it can be an awesome game but why the f#! $ you have to wait three days to move to another level? Come on rid that time delay man!!!!!! You kill people mood with it.
I love this game but the whole waiting a phew days to play another part is irritating.  I really don't mind the whole running out of lives thing cause it makes me not get carried away and play it all day lol.  Anyways..besides all that, love the game very addicting and love the challenges. :) Has anyone ever gotten the jackpot on the daily wheel?  It's not like they're giving away real money or something, come on!
Wait 70 hours for the next world? Come on!  I really enjoy the game, but the business model sucks. IAP or Facebook friends, no way around. By the way, could it be that we have plenty of fake ratings here?
I am just past level 455 at the train so I used 9 of my credits so that I could pass to the next level, the game froze, took my credits, but did not let me pass through. This is very frustrating, I just want to continue playing and now I have to wait 3 days because I used up my credits for nothing?
A while ago all my boosters and saved lives disappeared, now Odus has disappeared as well. Also it glitches and screen freezes from time to time. I really like all 3 versions of Candy Crush Saga and also liked Odus.  Can you fix it and bring Odus Back? Perhaps with his own set of 5 lives would be nice too.
Love it. Just one problem: I can't seem to access the Dreamworld levels any more. I still have to complete some of them! Lastly: So. Many. Popups. Daily reward popup. Send firends moves popup. Send help request popup, other game popup... it's annoying.
It's a fun game to play but when the updates are done, it can really affect your progress. I had to start again after getting to level 190+. Painful!!
This game is so well put together as a great strategy game with the ability to join up with your friends and compete against others for rewards and bragging rights. The help and support feedback you get is very helpful, and supercell are always adding in new things to never leave this game feeling old and left behind. Would highly recommend this game to anyone. Clash on!
Absolutely love this game now many updates since the last time I played, it has made it much more enjoyable. But it would be even more enjoyable if you could set your troops to what you want them to attack first. But like say if you have Archers set to attacking all defense. They can attack other builds. So then you have barbs or some other troop set to any so they can take out everything else! Maybe thatd be to powerful or possibly pretty good to add?
It was better when you could select each barracks to train troops and gyme each barrack individually but now you can't and that sucks.. But a lot of the other changes and new challenges are pretty good... However i still like the older way better.... Just saying.. Would i recomend this game.... Yes i guess i would... It's still better than most other mobile games...
I am addicted to this game it has been more than 2 years I am playing this game. It is really addictive. I am on townhall 9 when I was on townhall 7 I gave my ID to someone accidentally and he hacked my profile and destroyed my village , I begged him to give my ID back then somehow my brother took my ID back. He changed my name, destroyed my clan his name was hero earlier and he was in a clan named bodoland. Please give the name change option once I need to change my name PLEASE. Otherwise it's my favorate
I like this game because it is a fantastic game in the world I have ever seen . This game have a lot of fun , masti & enjoyment. We can join other clans my brother Gaurave his age is only 4 years old he also play clash of clans and his town hall has gone to level 7 and my level 12
As you progress into the higher TH levels (TH 10 and 11), war matchmaking are becoming a nightmare. Engineering clans and Engineered bases are creating extreme matchups at times. SC has been almost nonexistent on the issue. If you have time to plan friendly wars or join a league all this can be avoided, but requires additional time outside the game.
What's the point of revenge? I've never been able to use it because my attackers always seem to be live, or have a shield/gaurd. Does anybody use it ever? How long do you have to stalk someone's village before you actually get a chance to take your revenge?  Also, it would be great if you could assign multiple builders to one upgrade or build to shorten the time it takes to build. Or upgrade builders huts to either do things for fewer resources or more quickly.
Well it's an addictive game.. but leaving it... It's an awesome game... I loved it very much... Since I hv installed coc I have deleted other games from my phone...I want to do req from supercell... and pls try to update it and add th12 in it...and add more features for war plus Thier should be an additional spell factory...Cz m on the stage where I can't win even a match without spells..And  thank you.for making this game.. I love supercell and love coc...
Duel links is a pretty good game. I played Yu-Gi-Oh when I was younger and loved it. But this isn't anywhere near as fun, I think a few things make it that way.  There is a lack of cards, zombie-type, for example had about 8 cards in total to use. Another thing I didn't like was a lack of customization with your character, it never really made you feel like you were playing the game, more like you were playing as one of the characters from the anime. If non-essential or personalised characters become available and more cards are added, then I'd definitely be a lot happier with the game.
I've experienced several GPS issues. Phone upgrade seemed to help, but occasionally the game move my guy all over the place while it tracks.  Other bugs were fixed with a reinstall.   Still experiencing long app loading times.  There is a problem when logging in when leaving the wi-fi area.  The latest problem is now every time a pokemon is selected to try and capture, the game crashes.
Latest update error: When sometimes navigating through the app, it totally freezes. This has only started to happen with the last update, especially when trying accessing the view where my avatar and buddy is displayed. It freezes right when you tap on yoir avatar's face and the app has to be restarted. I really love this app and would like to know how to fix this please? It's super annoying.
I am level 420.  You will never have enough because they will take it ALL!  Regardless if you play few minutes a day; you will keep losing until your coins are gone.  Waste of money.  These Playtika people are cheap and uptight.  They hype their BS rewards program as a proud achievement.   Cheap tricks for little kids.  They.dont know how to connect with the real VIPs.  They gift free coins once awhile, but YOU will lose them.  Take my advice, SAVE YOUR MONEY.  SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!
Hate buying coins all the time.having problem getting to the game.i bought coins today paid 6,99 did not get them.
I am still playing almost 2 years later. They are always coming up with new games! House of fun is really one of the best apps I have ever dealt with. I have issues with all my other apps but this one is great. The slots are fun, they are always coming up with new ones. They let everyone try the new games. I am only on level 23, so I can't play all if them, so it is super nice to be able to try out the new games. I really really really love this app and suggest anyone or everyone get it.
Best graphics in comparison to most slot apps,  but the worst payouts percentage. You get like 3 spins worth from your daily bonuses ,then none in game. I know the hope is for people to pay for more spins.  But if never get to see what the in game bonuses are or their potential to win,  I won't be paying.
It's a fun game and has lots of levels to experience.
I joyfully beaten the game in Less then a week and I am currently attempting to get 3 "stars" on all levels. I hope to more content for hitman go in the future. Maybe levels inspired by Hitman contracts?
Short and sweet puzzle board thinker in Hitman style. Very cool yet simplistic hand designed board art and beautiful music to make you feel your just on another assignment in 47's shoes. Nice game
Nice strategy game I find it's more fun than Hitman sniper now  Edit: Purchase hints? Just dropped to 4
Good for a quick few minutes of gameplay but I didn't find it captivating enough to elicit extended sessions. Runs smoothly with pretty graphics and unobtrusive audio. More than worth the 50 cents sale price.
A addictive Hitman based strategy game. Beautiful graphics and each level has different strategies to play.
First couple of stages very easy but things soon hot up and you really do have to think things through to complete all objectives for a stage.
Awesome game...but unable to play for more than 10 mins because the mobile is heating up like anything..its showing as 50℃..i have not faced this much temperature rise from any app so far..and also am afraid to open this app itself..please fix this asap..
This made me appreciate puzzle games that much more. Highly addictive. Only bummer is that there's not that many chapters
Absolutely one of the best puzzle games I've played so far. I've played this before but lost interest as I'm not heavy into puzzles, but I came back to this one and decided to give it another try. I especially love the ambiance while you're going through various puzzles. I hope the next two installments are as good as this because I will be purchasing them
Working through the first levels I feel pleased to have started. It is a charming and creative game. It is best suited for larger screens, darkened rooms, patient players, good processors and those who base gaming success on more than fastest times and points. It's challenging but not frustrating. I do find frequent references and symbols to a particilar mythology disconcerting though.
I was looking for a game that is fair and would not require ridiculous amounts of real life money to even have a slight chance of enjoying the game. I was not big on puzzle games but this one is truly addictive. If anyone enjoyed the puzzles in the Zelda series, this one has it stomped. Be aware though,  it is strictly a puzzle game so you will be spending all of your time getting a mind job. I recommend this game along with the room 2 & 3. You'll end up spending a total of 7 dollars for lengthy content.
This game defies description. It is so well thought out, well-conceived, and well-developed. This sounds, and music, and whispering throughout the game really add good bit of mystique throughout. The puzzles themselves are very interesting, and challenging. It helps to have some hints here and there, and it definitely helps in a way that you don't have to find a walk-through. Easily one of the best games I've ever bought.
I am on the epilogue at the moment. I think I'll be buying the sequel. This game kept me entertained for hours! The puzzles presented a moderate challenge which I enjoyed piecing together. I have never been great with riddles, puzzles, brainteasers, etc... However, with some effort and patience I made it through the levels, and without too much frustration at that. Beyond that, this game has a great atmosphere, from the graphics to the music to the story. It both intrigued and unsettled me. A great game!
I had no idea that a game like this, that you can play on your phone, could be this great. I know I'm late to the game here (no pun intended), but this was so good I had to rate it. I rarely rate apps, games or otherwise.    This was just the right amount of challenging but not frustrating, was engaging, intriguing, looked great, music set the perfect tone. The app ran perfectly and I had no issues with performance at all. 10/10. I can't wait to go download 2 & 3!!
Up till now it seems to be a good game, well drawn but maybe easy... I don't know... Maybe it's too early to tell exactly if the riddles are good or not... Edit: the game is extremely easy... I didn't use any hint and I finished it fast, in a couple hours... The game is short, 4 chapters and 1 epilogue... Too fast... 4 stars because other escape games aren't too interactive like this one and this is very good...
Game was alright but got tired of the adds so bought it, but now it always glitches, saying someone didn't get the previous phase when they did and account log in is always messing up. Either fix it or give me my money back 😒
It's a fun game love being able to play it anything I want, not having to wait until the next get together. The only issue is the score board, its way off for example, I was playing on medium  and I had 10 point the AI had 370 but when I was done it said I won with 150 and AI had 135. Which its off all the time but over all great game.
I loved the original, simple version and absolutely hated the updates (seeing ads after paying for the game...what!?) I must say that it has improved however. I still don't care much for the coins and experience points, but game play is better.
I paid for this pro version but now I have to wait to play because of these stupid coin upgrade options. I don't want to upgrade or be bothered with coins. I want the normal game that I paid for. I deserve a refund so does everyone else. Nice job trying to get more money.
Even having paid for the app, I'm unable to escape the constant barrage of in-game purchase offers. It has completely ruined the game. Between every single hand you now have to tell the game TWICE that you are not interested in buying or using coins. The entire coin system is awful- it's cheating, that you pay for, that makes the game less fun. Super disappointed.
There's a larger lag. There's more ads, sign-ins, coin and crap than what there was. It should be free of that because I paid to be free of all that. Uninstalled because of unnecessary extras added to game with each update.
Fun Game but it's super glitchy. Paid $4.99 for 60 coins and coins still are not there. Plus, my husband downloaded the same game and for some reason it makes him pay 2 coins per round, it doesn't for me. Needs to be fixed. I want my coins or my money back. Then I'll give 5 stars.
Have to use coins just get wild cards? That's stupid. It's in no way like the game you would play with just the cards. Make a version without coins. I paid for that not this coin ridiculousness!
Can't believe Mattel would let the developers  destroy the game in this way: it's now unplayable and they've changed the rules. If it's not broke don't fix it.
nice but plenty bug fix needed. ex: explosive barrel (small) only 0 to 1 blocks can be destroyed. (medium) 1 to 3 blocks can be destroyed. (large) 1 to 5 blocks.. the destroyed blocks is random. you may not see the effecta because the destroyed blocks is at the back of an intact blocks. not much use for digging.  pressure plates and doors. if you put pressure plate next to the door it doesn't work. you need 1 block space for wires before plates.  not enought creature to attack you. only wolf's, hayena's, and lions and stingray or fish.  boring at the later game.
The was a couple glitches when I use a lot of furniture in a small space. I think people should be able to build big boats like pirate ships. And there should be flintlock pistols. I also think there should be armor stands. Last but definitely not least, there should be multiplayer.
I assume no more updates for 1. I like that because Minecraft updates have filled the game with bloated features over time, so I always play an older version. Well worth a second purchase.
No contest the best  This game can actually not be compared to minecraft, since it is so much better. I have MC as well and it is a bore. SC is much more challenging and immersive than MC. In MC surviving is no challenge and you can run away from each and every mob. In SC you cannot run away from a lion, rhino, bear, tiger, wolves, hyena etc. MC does not even have flying animals. The creative options are so much more and the furniture or rather custom blocks are insane.  The price is no contest. In MC you have to pay to get new textures, I think you have to pay to fart as well. In SC there are so many custom textures and all are free and is easy to make yourself. With MC you need mods that almost always causes your game to crash and lock up, even the textures do that. In SC you do not need mods, since everything is already great. The pistons are way way better than MC. Now we are just waiting for multiplayer, which will be the next big update. Controls are also way easier to use.  The old buttons are available as an option as well though, but pads work better.  MC is for fantasy lovers, SC is for people who like realistic games.
I loved the first game and all but this is pretty much just a full priced update, everything is exactly the same as the last game with tiny changes that could have been an update to the original game. I am disappointed.
If you add to the furniture the option that you can choose what function to be like creating a catapult that throws boulder and creating pistols that can fires bullet                                                                                                        &lt;&gt;: Add multiplayer
This is the game I think of when I think of wasting time before I go to bed. The survival aspect is real, you need to think about what you are doing and balance caution with needs. Furniture and pistons only make it better.
I will rate the game play 5 *s only if the creators add baby animals. I think it would be a great addition to the game. Please consider adding them in the next update please! Also, after looking at the other comments, I do agree that you should add natural disasters, like tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, and any others. I think it would make it more realistic. I would also like it if you add, like, villagers or something?  Or tribes? It would be really cool. And, also (giving credit to the people who rated this),  actually being able to use the furniture, like sitting in chairs or cooking  on the stoves. Or adding leashes and being able to tame the wolves and coyotes to have pets. Sorry this is so long  but also please add multiplayer!  I really do apologize for the long rating but these updates are what the people have been asking for!
I hope there are more paintable items. Chest, ladders, wire-through blocks perhaps? And an astonishing terrain generation which has waterfalls and rivers. But for now I suggest more paintable items. You are awesome and this game is worth every penny and your success.
Whenever I go on the app and click it says "unfortunately nba jam has stopped"... I have unisgalled it and reinstalled it two times already, but it still won't work... I paid $5.34 for this game, and I kind of  want a refund?!?!?
Have installed and uninstalled so many times. The static noise and distortion noise is unbearable can't even play. all I hear is screeching sound. Please fix
Yo i love this game bring back memories. I got this game on my ps3. But the touch screen controls are easy to work with no problems. So i give this game 5 stars can't stop playing it
This game is very CONVENIENT but the rosters are OUTDATED. I've had this game on for like 5 years literally. There's only been Suttle changes. We millennials are fans update the roster so I can tell more friends to buy.
Download failed error: 101 fixed but now the game isn't rendering correctly.  The game displays very small in the top left of my phone's screen.
I am currently installing the game but I've had it before and it is a great game to have on your phone to play. The graphics are great and right now there is nothing to complain about from me. But whoever is complaining, it's probably coming from your end of the game then.
Controller gets some getting used to, but helps pass time away if you need to kill some time.
A game that has the ability to take you back to the arcade era with a slight twist. The updated graphics are appealing and the controls take a bit to get used too. This game only needs an updated roster.
Move onto Fire Emblem Heroes.... You won't be in despair with the luck unlike this game's chances. Way too dependent on luck with mechanics and monsters.
Very good mmorpg game very addicted to the maximum.. I've played since beta until now almost 2 1/2 years nvr stop playing... only 1 cons..very hard to get 5 start mobs haha...Ok peace out
If you just want to kill some time this game is good fun. Once you get into it though, it's insanely expensive. Some packs are up to 100 dollars and give you 3 of the many characters. One example is they gave all players Biggs Darklighter for free and he's a good character. But if you paid big money and got Wedge Antilles too, those two can plow entire teams of free players easily. Fun for casual, too expensive to take seriously though.
This use to be my favorite online game, but the game really favors players that spend a ton of money.  Players that only spend a little get wiped out easily.  Not worth the time and money to see your castle destroyed so quickly.
It's a really nasty time consumer. If you think one more click or wait for upgrade won't do harm.... Time related it's a burgler. Keep it up with the chinese support devs. If you wanna live healthy don't play this.
WARNING...Do not spend money on this game. This game has alot of glitches and issues causing many problems. And they dont seem to care about fixing them. I have been playing for 2 years and have spent hundreds of dollars on this game. And when something goes wrong with their network and you cant log on, you will get attacked and loose everything you built up. They will not give you any reimbursement whatsoever. EVEN THOUGH IT WAS THEIR SERVER THAT CRASHED. Their customer service is the worst i have encountered in my life. Im not just saying this because im upset. Im saying this to try and inform everyone of these issues. Dont make the same mistake i did. DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THIS GAME UNLESS YOU ARE RICH AND CAN JUST THROW MONEY AWAY. Because thats what will happen.
I own it on ps2 and loved that it was on sale. Even more impressed that is accepted my ipega controller with ZERO problems. However, I'd really like to be able to decrease look sensitivity. It's about 3x faster than I'd like and has resulted in me falling off building or running into corners a lot.
I have bought and refunded this game countles times and its not because i dont like its because i cant even install it. It wont go to my memory card it goes to my device storage and my phone doesnt have much free space and ive tried moving my other apps over but it just wont work.
Just Have one word to say.. its amazing guys.. I don't regret after buying this game. This is worth it. Keep up the good work guys.. one thing which disappointed me is that mobile version doesn't support cheats. Or may be I couldn't find it
All vehicles feel like you are driving on ice, you can barely drive in a straight line. And sometimes the vehicles suddenly decide to start lurching and pulling to the right. Don't know if it's the game, the small glitches from transitioning from console to phone, or of it's just my nostalgia wearing thin.
Worked well, couple times where it would lag down, (lots of cars, or people in a area) but otherwise, I played the whole story line without it crashing. Not once. When playing the game, clear all open apps, and the game will run even better. I ran the game on medium graphics, and 100% draw distance, and it worked great!  It's the game I remembered when I was younger, only upgraded. The controls are alittle diffcult, and sometimes I wanted to chuck my phone at the wall because of it, but still 5/5. Fun game.
I've always loved this game. If you play it with a Bluetooth controller it is just as good as it was on the old PlayStation 2. My only complaint is that Vice City and San Andreas can't be moved from the internal memory to my SD card. Any way we can make that happen?
If having trouble installing for any reason just uninstall the Play Store updates and reinstall this game. It installed on my Nexus 6 after I did this. I previously had this on my nexus 4 and 2nd Gen tablet! Great port of Vice City! Thx  Rockstar!
When I first got the game it was great running great, smooth and no lagg, but not anymore which sucks. It loads and once it's almost done loading it "logs" me out. Please fix this problem thank you. I use an LG G3
Lots of free coins and big wins.  But the contests to win big coins is a rip off.  They are adjusting the payoffs so you can't advance to collect the coins.  Don't get suckered in stay away and play other machines.  Only complaint I have.
This works fine and is the game I remember and enjoy, however Vasebreaker is impossible. No matter how lightly and quickly I tap, many plants just take root where the vase broke. A shame since Vasebreaker is my fave mini-game!
Your last update screwed up survival mode. All the levels in survival mode BECAME LOCKED, even though the trophy symbol showed that I had beaten, or played each one. Survival endless (really the best part of this game, tbh) really, showed that that I had beaten 19 flags, and yet it was locked! So I deleted it, and re-downloaded it. Big mistake. Now it, and achievements mentioning it don't even exist! Way to ruin a game.
Please fix vase breaker!  It doesn't work in the mini game or the main levels.  It doesn't matter how lightly I tap the plant, it takes root where the vase was.  This is making it impossible to continue on in the game.  Please fix!!!  I love this game, but I'm not going to continue to play if I can't get past this level.
Thanks for damaging the value i had for this game.  This is why i now mostly avoid anything ea has their hands in.  They jacked up the sequel so they had to f with the original.
This update lost all my unlocked mini games, and loads very slowly. I haven't gotten to check on ads or graphics yet but other reviews and new EULA have me worried. Why "fix" what wasn't broken, EA? :(
As others have mentioned, resolution was changed and I'm missing features I had unlocked. I emailed support and my device was blamed. This game used to be amazing, but now it's a watered-down version of itself.
Since I purchased this game even though it was before whoever bought it took over why am I seeing ads maybe because it is owned by a GREED minded individual I have no idea but if I didn't like the game so much I'd delete it for sure thus being the reason for only 3 stars
I really wish I read the other reviews before I updated it. It loads slower, the new "drag" feature is seriously screwing me over in the vase breaker game, I had to repurchase a few of the mini games, and I have no access to any of the survival games but the first one. I have loved this games for years, but this is pretty bad guys.
This game is awsome and its cool how while some shakes/ice creams are blending, i can build, i can top, or tske orders from customers so im not just waiting like a bored buisiness persob with low wadges and long hours lol
This game is so much fun! I could spend hours playing it! I have no complaints, except for the fact that it isn't free... but paying $0.99 for this game is totally worth it! Best game I've ever spent money on.
It will sometimes freeze and will stay like that for awhile or will slow down... i would advise YOU to think about what ive said before buying it but, i have to admit it is very fun , and i also like theyre other games
I used to play the pc version so I'm pro at this game haha. It's a really good mobile version but it could use some improvement. It's good for the price I thought it was going to be a bad version of the original one. It's very addicting.
I used to play this game on my laptop and when I found out about this game I just screamed and got it. Ever since then its been working perfectly and I would recommend this to everyone who loves a good challenge ;)
I love this game, but it gets boring only having 6 customers every time. The higher the level, the more customers there should be and a faster pace. Would give 5 otherwise
I loved this game so much it is really fun and addicting but the only thing is that if you play alot it gets boring so it needs a twist more than straight forward but overall it was quite good.
ɨ ʟօʋɛ tɦɛ ɢaʍɛ aռɖ ɦօա ɨt ɨs քʊt tօɢɛtɦɛʀ tɦɛ ռɛա ʊքɖatɛs ɦaʋɛ ʍaɖ a ɮɨɢ ɖɨʄʄɛʀɛռċɛ
Love the game, if I had unlimited lives I might not get anything done in life lol
Great wee game. Some of the higher levels are torture. Just because it isn't classed as a hard level don't think it will be easy...
I was in level 914 and it suddenly started all over, I meant from level 1...that's not good.
Addictive, fun game, kept just hard enough to keep you interested,  but not too hard that you give up
It takes a little bit of strategy to play but not too hard where i lose interest.
My number one game... I like to 30 minutes and give us instead of 2 boosters but I prefer the boosters LOL...
Love this game! Never seem to have many issues with it unlike some similar games.
Updated graphics are sightly different from previous one. So make its graphic like previous version.
I love this app!!  But can you please stop having these soup is and annoying adds coming and going after every level. IT'S SO ANNOYING
This game is the first one I ever played on getting the Internet and have loved it ever since. I never get tired of it or disappointed in It!
If I don't have friends helping me I have to wait 72 hours or buy credits before I can access the next episode.  Apart from that its a great game.
This is definitely a nice relaxing way to waste time. It is annoying however when I have extra lollipop hammers, extra switches etc one day and the next day, they're gone when I haven't  used them.
I love this game so much until now I had reached 1540 level, but as long as I played, I notice it severely drained off my hp and iPad power! It is a seriously power draining apps!!! Plz improve in this if not u will lose more loyal players!
It is a fun game but sometimes it gets frustrating. I refuse to pay to advance and a couple of the hard levels have taken me multiple days to finally get past them. Otherwise a great way to pass time.
Level 467 is impossible to complete.. I can't make a color bomb to score final order! I am about to uninstall the game.
I try to sign in to my account to see my base and would not let me .so I sent an email  to super cell and ask for help and then they s so the same question what do you need .Later I try to go on play games the with the control.I click on the app and said the signing in required. ... so I click  for help and they ask the same question.so from now on I will never play  clash of clans.
A very very addictive game now training troops are easy and to quick ... And to speed up production of dark elixir drill... So, I hope to supercell in improve  this fact..  But I will definitely say coc the best game in the world.... Just 😍 it.. Sometime slow loading in midle of raid which I think all coc players hate.... 😱😹😿😢😧😢
It still has it fell even from all the updates that have happened. But one thing I don't like when is there gonna be an Albanian flag on the game come one developers get on with it because I fell a bit discriminated lol. Jk keep up with the good job and try to make the game even better. 👍👌✋👊
Pay to win game fraught with severe clouding issues. Fancy waiting three hours to find an opponent? This game is for you. Even if you gem your production,  it makes no difference as theres no one to fight. Compound it with poor troop pathing (queen shooting at walls anyone) and you have a recipe for cardiac arrest
Problem! Hello Supercell, on a recent update ice wizard was added to the barracks for short period of time. I saved one ice wizard so that I the future players of Clash of Clans could observe it. But in a recent battle I actually spent it by mistake. I mistakenly selected ice wizard thinking that I selected wizards and I eventually spent it. Is there any way that you can help me? Please?
8 mnths of fantastic game playing of COC but after last update our clan always gets super hard enemy. We have no any fully developed TH9 base but now we always getting developed TH 10 enemies. Its look like.. Time to leave COC now. My 3 friends already leave Coc. UPDATE: AWESOME..  FANTASTIC..  SOME NEW TROOPS  IN 3 MONTHS NEEDS TO KEEP GAME ... mmmm .. NEW ALWAYS!! STILL ENJOYIBG GAME 😂😂
#Suggestion #Recently my google id was cheat by someone. I have changed my password many times but he still login in my COC id. So plz give some solution or update in game. You can upgrade game as that if there is 2 players are playing game at same time then google verification must be require. With this update many players can get their id back. So pls take Quick Action for this problem. #Thank you.
I bought the game a few months back but didn't start playing until this last week. So much fun and very addicting&lt;l! It's a good mental challenge but still keeps is fun. I've only played the first two chapters. But so far, very pleased!
Not really like it, because character model like monopoly. Synchro with google not good
This game isn't violent or nasty in any way just a very fun strategy game that keeps you playing. Artwork is very slick and nice too
This is stupid it rakes forever to complete the mission you have to buy hints even though you already bought the game you would think they already have enough money but no they need more
Graphics are great.  Puzzles are challenging, but do not require overly complicated tactics to solve.  New elements are added as the game progresses which provides some variety without losing the game foundation.
Worth every penny. No issues on Edge 7. Lots of levels, great for short goes on the bus etc. As for the format it works really well with Hitman.
Great puzzle game. After few levels you will get addicted to this game if you are a hitman fan. Highly recommended
Lovely puzzle game! It captures the feel of the original hitman games while being a thing of its own! It's a puzzle game but it feels like a stealth game too.
I've completed this on another platform and it's great. Unique presentation, easy to pick up game play but hard to master. When you do though it's all worth it. A must purchase especially if it's on sale.
I loved this game. It kept my attention until the very end. The music was hair raising, especially late at night with the lights turned out. The touch controls weren't hindered by the fact that my screen is cracked. A wonderful story line, but its almost overshadowed by the complexity of the puzzles. Almost. It's a must play.
Worth every penny! Can't stand people who complain that they only got a couple of hours game play out of this. It's 79p! You spend £3 on coffee and drink it in 10 minutes, think about all the effort that goes into making a game and realise that spending less than £1 on this really isn't going to ruin your life. Enjoy the game, it's fantastic!
This game is a true HOME RUN, SLAM-DUNK, TOTAL TOUCHDOWN WIN!!! This game deserves awards. I am a fan forever, now, and will NEED every sequel you come up with! Way to go! Finally a game worth spending your time playing! A game WORTHY of comparison to Myst and Riven!!
Probably the best puzzle game I've played. the over all concept/storyline is great and graphics are flawless. My only complaint is I finished the game (and the epilogue) in less then an hour of total game play. Even though it's short there are lots of puzzles and they're enjoyable. I would say its worth the download.
I was looking for a game to play after République stopped downloading for me. I remembered in that game they talked about this game. I've heard about this game but never tried it. This is one of the best puzzle games I've played can't wait to play two. I purchased it while still playing one awesome game. If fireproof was to make a game action game with these type of graphics and puzzle solving the creators of république will have a serious competitor on its hands. Bottle line loved it.
Loved the graphics and the overall of this game. Just wish it was more then 4 chapters. I have bought and played the room and the room 2 and on my way to get room 3. The biggest negative to this game is it is just way to short... Beautiful game though. I'm amazed at how the game is thought through and transforms like it does into boxes and puzzles and keys and its absolutely an amazing game just really should be thought into being alot longer..especially since it isn't a free game
This game has got me hooked! Really teaches you to look outside of the box.... To get in the box! 😂 11/10! It's that good!! ***EDIT.... I wrote this after completing chapter 3, then I completed chapter 4... END OF GAME! Then you move on to Epilogue. God knows how long that will take! Anyways, took me about 3 hours to complete the game without epilogue. ***
This game is fantastic...i know everyone has said it but that is because it is! Great puzzle that requires logic and detective work but is neither too hard nor too easy. Not a hidden object game, but a genre of its own! Buy it and see for yourself you won't regret buying it you will only regret finishing it...
At least allow us to disable the silly power ups and experience. And I paid for the Pro without trying it, expecting the joy of the old version.   Despise the Facebook nags that pop up on every screen.   Will give me more coins if I allow you to brainwash me with Ads? But I PAID for this!  Moving on to the competition.
The game has way to many ads get stuck in the ads loop and can't play game. I unistalled, used to be my little calming down piece at the end of day....now its just irritating...so unistalled won! And they took away the ability to have an avatar for yourself but you can sign in and save pic. Ya right who does this its just a game. SMH!
Now with the latest version there are too many pop ups for "buying" a new hand and other cheats.  That made a game that played easily quite chunky now.  Game flow is slowed down a lot.  Plus the new version is buggy.  If the developer makes the paid power ups go away for those who have actually paid for the game it would make it much better.  As it stands the constant pop ups to pay for a new hand etc makes this game a pain to play and takes all the fun out of what was an awesome game.
Since the last update not only the gamification is very annoying but the game hangs often if the network is weak. freezes for 5-20 seconds, then continues, then freezes again and again. It was a great game before, now it is unplayable. Update2: Now with even more aggressive gamification, forced token buys, the game is unenjoyable even with a working network.
I paid for the Pro version years ago...why do I have to watch ads, pay to play, etc?? I want my money back. Phase 10 is an all time favorite of mine but not on my phone anymore. I will play in person and that's it. Very disappointing.
Not the game I bought and enjoyed. VERY disappointed at this blatant money grab. Use to be a 5 star rating, but I am down rating and removing this app.
Was decently entertaining before an update caused issues when you played with fewer than 4 people but now with the latest update introducing stupid in-game currency that allows you to cheat and asking you to spend money. 99 cents for one additional pass? Pathetic. I paid for this app before they started making these "upgrades". I'll be looking for a prior version of this game.
This app provides the absolute best gameplay of any sandbox game on any appstore. The reason why it doesn't surpass MineCraft PE though is, it doesn't have MULTIPLAYER!! C'mon Kaalus! At least just add multiplayer between devices, it doesn't have to be online. Is that too much to ask?
Couldn't wait to download and wait for a phone synced my accounts to friend's account borrowing his phone great game good work kaalus made my own elevator motion sensor and piston made my own table still learning it fun game I think games like this will improve learning by 75% it would teach people at Any level of aspect.
There are no changes in survival mode. And the terrain isn't as good. The caves don't go as deep. Please update, or at least give me my money back so I can buy the first one.
Minecraft has multiplayer, elytra wings, shulker boxes, and much more. Survivalcraft 2 has realistic gameplay, clothes for your skin, legit electricity (Minecraft uses redstone and every time I accidentally pour water, my redstone is gone), legit animals, and best of all, FURNITURE! I would say Survivalcraft 2 is better, but Minecraft is multiplayer and it's the only game most of my friends use (Xbox One Edition). That'll wrap it up.
Every feature is so great, but my game started crashing every 10 minutes. Can you tell me how to fix it?
This is so much better than Minecraft. I too, didn't think at first I should have to rebuy the game but after seeing the new furniture that you can add a few other things, it's worth the money. If SurvivorCraft would only add a train that would be totally awesome. It's really cool if you're in the creative mode. There's lots of options and hopefully more to come.
OMG I'm such a noob.. how long has this been out? lol  Awesome job Kaalus!!  Its downloading as i type this review.. I can't wait to begin!  :))
BUT UPDATE THE GOD DAMN ROSTER FOR EVERY TEAM....NOT JUST CLEVELAND... LAZY MO FACKERS
This game is unplayable.  It requires me to give access to all media and contacts.  There is no reason for a game to have access to this.  Please fix the game so I can play what I paid for.
Had the game for a while. All of a sudden it won't stop crashing. It crashes right at the home screen. Can't even start a game. Junk! Needs an update
Can we get a DAMN ROSTER UPDATE ALREADY? David Lee is on the Warriors, eh? Glad to see you're still selling abandonware at full price.
You can't switch a dunk into a layup :( please fix. Also when I release the shoot button there is a random interval delay before he releases the ball. And sometimes the dpad doesn't move my player. Online multiplayer crashes at half-time for me
I loved this game at the arcade! I always went to this game in the arcade first! I can't believe I can sit in my home and play it now without a bunch of quarters and standing for hours! EA Sports has done it again! Thank you and great retro nostalgia guys!
This game has won so many game awards during its prime and there is no wonder why it has. The Graphics look much refreshing, the streets of Vice City are just as lively as it's similar partner look a like, Miami, Florida. This game brings much nostalgia with its 80's Music. A great game that works so well on now a much smaller device.
This is my first written review of any game but I think this deserves it. Game runs extremely smooth with absolutely no lag whatsoever. Graphics are really good with lots of color. This is the original game. I downloaded San andreas as well before this. San Andreas is obviously a better and bigger map but the app itself crashes alot and has minor lag. I don't think the graphics were enhanced as much in San andreas. Vice city is definitely worth the download. Lots of fun and you'll enjoy it.
After the mission where you first meet those rock stars and you're trying to get the ingredients for the drug they want, I didn't finish it cause I failed but the markers for the mission are stuck on my radar even though I'm not on the mission. It doesn't go away even if I close the game and reopen.
I mean the name says it all people 💪🔫💣!!  Arguably the best GTA game of the entire series right in your palm of your hands! How could u go wrong? Its a great port and the graphics are decent although the controls take some getting used 2 on the vehicles especially.. But overall a great game
Just brought had for three days every couple hours it needs to download more data now its not even opening just forcing close.. Waited and saved to get game now i wished i believed the bad reviews and save $
On my Asus Zenpad 8 you cannot see everything on the far right. Especially, when playing a puzzle or other games. When it scrolls to the right to show you the zombies it never goes all of the way to the right. It needs to be properly configured for 8 inch screens.
This was my favorite game until this last update my screen became too sensitive and it keeps messing up on me, it makes me very angry and I have a galaxy note 3. Please fix this screw up, otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.
It's been working better since my last review in 2013. However the recent update deleted all the game pack buys I had bought, they're all locked again. Very frustrating.
I used to love this game, and out of nostalgia, I installed this game but as soon as I launched the game, it wanted access to my contacts and my media folder? Seriously? I denied access and it didn't let me play the game. I am a developer myself and this infuriates me. Why do you need to access my contacts? I can understand you needing access to the media, but even then a lot of games do just fine without needing that access. I am uninstalling this game and never coming back.
Well, colour me impressed, I didn't think EA would have bothered fixing this app in lieu of the other one that harasses you with freemium content even after paying to remove ads. Not sure why others say it's laggy, plays fine on my TF300, my only complaint is that I wasn't able to restore my old data, so I have to start over again... but I guess that's not all that bad.
This game works on my Galaxy S4, Nexus 6, and Nexus 7, but does not work on my Nexus 9. Please fix and I'll change the rating. Other than that, this game is fun and addicting, and offers tons of replay value. **Update 3/28/16, now works on my Nexus 9, changing score from a 3 to a 4.**
I thought this was going to be like the PC version but it's the bad version of this game. I will recommend you not to buy it
I play this game on the computer and I love it. I saw this and downloaded it. It's hard to use at first as its different from the computer version with different toppings and new people. But I still like it a lot! I see that you can get the refund now!
I would like it if Flipline Studios made a Papas Bakeria, cos it sucks on my lap top it was way too laggy but the app papas freezeria is great!
I like it but I got bored of it can I get a refund please I'm really running low on money I would appreciate if you please could give me a refund it's not too much to ask thank you .waiting for you're response sooner or later
When ever I open the game it keeps on closing. Well, I tried to be with appeasment but I got very dissapointed so please fix it because I feel so bad for my dad right now cause he payed it for my birthday gift. Plus, I tried installing it 3 more times but it just says its invalid to acctually install it...GEEZZZZZZ!!!!!!!! Well it acctually installed but.......... DID NOT OPENNNNNNNNN
The best paid game! I only have this game in my phone, and I never get bored with this game. I hope papa's wingeria will be available on play store. Please :)
love this and candy crush saga..cant beat them both. excerllent games and free
REALLY UPSET LOGGED IN FOR 194 CONSECUTIVE DAYS AND NOW NOTHING. AND ITS TAKEN ALL MY STUFF WOT A JOKE.
Quite an interest game. Keeps you away from worries.
People attack our saved resources, some of us have less use of elixir after maxing out our base & keep spending our gold for walls but then the elixir is  left stagnant and when the elixir storages are full all the elixir collected from the attack is useless because we are not getting it.... Please help regarding this issue.
This game was the bomb one, but ever since that so called biggest update ever the game play and the number of players has just dropped through the floor. Whole clans have quite  it really sad to see but there you go. You need to step back take deep breaths and rethink what you doing with this game, really you do.
I'm sick of getting matched with engineered clans in war over and over as a fairplay clan and ye guys won't do anything about it still to this day,  the mismstch is ridiculous. Dont leave them there because ye are getting a income from them gemming up their troops, heroes, etc with weak offense. Come on now Supercell devs, ye are slacking over there, fix that cc glitch too it's annoying.
Horrible graphics , but even worse, terrible controls. The steering is very slow, delayed, and horrible response.  Can't make one turn without crashing. I have this game on my iphone and its 10 times better. I saw an option to request a refund but now I can't find it. I'd really like my money back. Don't waste  your time
I want my refund please now doesn't work since I bought it and would not recommend it to anyone else buying it anytime soon. Would really like rock star to see this review and do something about it and test to see if they pay attention to their customers and I would appreciate my funds refunded very soon. Will be expecting that I am very displeased and disappointed with these games. Will do something about this if not taking into consideration and my funds aren't returned to me. Expecting an email or contact soon.
I can't believe this is even on the android market, it brings back memories. The only problem is the graphics should be a lot better, they're more or less the same as the ps2. I give it 4*, if you update the game with better graphics I will definitely give 5*.
This game is just like the ps2 version and I don't notice any control lag others are talking about, even on max settings. I do agree however that the controls do take some getting used to and some may struggle with them at first. You can always use a PS3 controller though!
Useless on Nvidia SHIELD TV. There is no way to bring up the map or change the camera angle, in fact there is no ways to customize any controls (the options are greyed out in the settings). Wish I could get a refund but I have a feeling it's too late.
Grand theft auto vice city, first released in 2002, is one of the best games available on Android. Unlike both GTA 3 and San Andreas Vice City has aged remarkably well due to its neon-lit 80's art style, iconic music, and engaging story. Vice City runs smoothy on almost any device due to generous options. The controls are very fluid, with the only minor issue being an inability to remap a physical gamepads layout. If you are interested in an open world sandbox game, you can't do much better than Vice City.
hate the issues... My god does it crash alot, can not reinstall now. Still playing, no crashing on my LG, but I can't complete zen garden even though I have all plants.
This game was one of my favorite ways to kill time. The last update has ruined everything. I lost achievements and unlocked mini games. The different survival stages, for which I already have trophies, are locked again and will not unlock when completing the previous stage.  Way to break a previously great game EA.
It quickly gets boring for some reason. Add more levels because I beated this game once and doing it again is boring. You know the stages such as day time, night time, pool time, ect. Make a stage after fog time on the second time you do andenture mode, add dawn. You know morning were in the shadows you can plant mushrooms. One more thing whats EA????
This game used to be amazing. Now I'm deleting it. The last update by the creators not only ruined the quality of the game but erases so many of the achievements devoted fans worked hard to achieve. I want no part of this game or any other game electronic arts has created. I refuse to support a company so crooked it has no problem ripping off paying customers and no problem ignoring the angry response of those same paying customers.
I love the game  itself but it refuses to work in my phone. It will not register any touch on my screen at all, so I can't continue from the start screen. Moto G 2nd gen, Marshmallow. I have this issue with every EA game in the appstore.
I LOVE this game, but the mobile app is kinda meh. There's no way to restore past purchases or previous data if you have to wipe your phone. Sad!
While I really enjoyed this game, it gets kind of boring at level 100. Yah, I got there. I still enjoy the game, but I wish that the levels got longer as you go on. Other then that, it is a fun game worth the money.
Love this game so much💖 It is very fun and addictive my only problem is there should be more costemers. But a big thunmbs up and a round of aplaus to this game👏👍🙋took so long to download😵
I love this game, the only problem is, you cant make your own charecter. I don't want to play as penny, i want to play as me. If you could fix this I would give 5 stars! &lt;3
ALL THEAS STUPID PEOPLE ARE SAYING IT SHPULD BE FREE BUT IT SHOULDENT BECOUSE THAY NEED TO MAKE MONEY SOMEHOW IF YOU WANT TO PLAY FREE THEN GET A COMPUTER
A huge applause to flipline studios for making the best cooking simulation games I have ever played. I started playing papas games and honestly, their games offer a really really great collection of graphics and I really love the Papa's franchise. Thank you for a decade of super fun gaming experience. 😃😃😃
Game is fun and all. It would be awesome if there were more items, things to buy, and customers in a new update. But I rate it a 5.
Game was fun, suddenly the controls stopp3d working. Turned off phone, reset, nothimg...srill no controls. Brand new samsung note 5 phone, this game is apparently not compatible with this device l. Too bad i wasted $7 to find out. Uninstalled and I will no longer download apps frm this manufacturer.
Once completed the mission "Check Out At The Check In", nobody calls Tommy to provide more missions. Have completed other storyline missions given by the Cubans, Haitians, Love Fist etc. but now I can't progress further. I have never played GTA VC before I know for sure that the mission mentioned above isn't the last storyline mission. Rockstar please help.
Never lags. Even on my Samsung galaxy S3. Without a doubt better than gta san Andres.  But the only this wrong us that you cant swim. Ill loose control on the grass and drive into the water and die because I can't swim. Overall its a very good recommended game.
I bought this game for my son on Christmas because he wanted it so badly and he hasn't even been able to play it. Every time we c!ick on the game its nothing but a black screen! What a waste of money. Fix this now please!!
Wow! I bought this game and it won't even go past 50% it says cannot download or whatever. seriously, I buy a game and it does not want to work what type of crap is this. I have a galaxy s6 edge 64gb i have well enough space!
I'm completely confused as to why Plants vs Zombies needs contact access or even media access to even play. This doesn't really align with what this game is. Can this be explained please?
I already paid for this game once what are you pushing ads on me? Why are all my previous achievement and unlocked gone? EA you will never see another cent from me.
It updated and is slower than ever.  Some levels got locked and won't open and I lost some of my plants. I had the achievement for having all my plants before the update and now I dont. I've beaten the game three times. Will not be trying for a fourth unless you fix it and give back my plants!! Also an endless beghouled could be fun or atleast more than 75.
Y'know there isn't a game like the papa's series of games but they are all amazing but if I had to choose one out of the rest of them it would be thus one papa's freezeria
I've liked the Papa games for a while, but I've never played one as long as I have with this. Sure, the flash version is free, but this version includes more than 40 ingredients and 5 customers that weren't in the original, meaning that this wasn't just a plain mobile port, but a new game itself.
This is the best game ever. But my only request is that you add the mini games in between each day like you can on computers. Also please add more papa's games. Especially papa's hotdogeria. That's my favourite one. Awesome job flipline studios!
Please put yum, nms to unlock when u rank to level 3 because i realy want the yum, nms so please put the yum, nms to when u rank to level 3 please do it and thank u.
I just got the game today 6/26/16 and it is so addicting if  I didn't have to go somewhere I would be playing it 24/7......But I wish we can get tickets to play mini games
This is an awesome and creative game! Very addictive and I recommend it to anyone who loves playing time management and who likes to use creativity. Definitely worth the one little dollar! Love every game.
It's a great way to sneak in a quick game of EK on the go or when you can't actually meet up with your usual game mates.  Lots of fun for sure.  One criticism would be that there is no in-game chat (just pre fab comments).  Please add that function!
Reigns opened 1 time after that it just stalls at the title screen. Uninstalled/Reinstalled app multiple times with no change. Emailed their support haven't heard anything back. If fixed will update, until then I can't give the app ZERO stars so 1 will have to do.
Definitely worth the money and the only issue I have had is it doesn't save my choice to eliminate # of houses and hotels. The graphics are phenomenal. It is so much fun and addicting. Great game...highly recommended. I don't feel the game is rigged and consider it to be like playing in real life. All about luck. I play the majority on medium and some rounds I'd like to walk away, but it's all about rolling the dice and making the right choice. Really is a thumbs up game.
I like the game but if you can make it so that there are new maps and I don't get disconnected from my friends matches then this game would be fantastic. Oh and also please make easter eggs and call of the dead characters. Last thing is grenade toss, grenade toss = 2ft
The game is extremely addicting. I can't stop playing until I've won, and the players always slap me a bunch of times at the end, so that doesn't happen too often. Anyways, I have played this in real life and to be honest I would prefer the card game itself to this, but this game is really convenient and I like the gameplay.
There has to be a much easier way to play with friends.. create a friends list or something bc sharing the code is wayyy too much of a hassle.  Also, I have had way too many games get disconnected.  Otherwise this would be 5 stars
I would love it if we could play with all 3 decks at the same time but it doesn't seem like it lets us.. 5 people and all three decks used at the same time would be so much fun but unfortunately no one's playing the game anymore and I paid for all the decks... Lots more cards for free would help get people playing again.. nobody's going to pay for a game that no one's playing the game needs to be free to bring in new players.. I shouldn't have to pay again after I've already paid to play the full game. DLC works on PC and console not mobile.. Developer's pay attention to what platform your developing on you're killing any chance of this game being huge simply by charging too many times before anyone even gets to play the full game with all decks.. But with all that being said I want the game and the two additional decks and find this to be extremely fun just can't find anyone to play with because no one else wants to pay that many times just to play..
Bought the card game and expansion.. All they give u for that is avatars.. They still make u buy the game.. Bc i love the game I spent the $2 on it. But that only gives u the basic deck. Still costs money to play with expansions.. Not even a nope card or alter the future in basic deck. Penny pinchers
Huge exploding kittens fan and this app just makes me want to quote everything in their funny character voices. Definitely fun to play by yourself and with friends. Download it and get hooked like the rest of us! Maybe you will get pizza giggles too.
I've been playing this game ever since it launched on android platform, but now it's starting to get rather boring. We need the ability to play it offline. Plus, we need new card decks and tricks, too.
Very fun game, but it needs some incentive for winning or playing. It makes no difference wether you win or lose, even some small ranking system would be nice.
Beautiful game as always from devolver, my favourite game studio across all platforms!  Decision and consequence are the themes of the game, balancing the four elements of your Kingdom (the church, your subjects, the army and  your treasury). You face problems, requests and suggestions from those who help you rule. With a yes/no system and 120 cards to react to, this is a simple, brilliant, instant favourite of mine.  Hours of fun! Thank you :)
Interesting and fun game, but the effects of some of the choices don't make sense. I got a message about a guy in red handing out presents, obviously Santa. My options were "I don't care" and "Executioner!" I assumed that meant let him carry or or kill him. So I chose the first one, but my rating with the people went down. What!? I let Santa live and the people disapprove? I don't get this game sometimes. But it's a very interesting concept and the presentation is nice.
The games is good and is pretty interesting easy to play. But I kinda wish there was an undo button, although that would spoil the game ( maybe restricted undo like 3 per king). Also it would be nice if there was a queen option. Idk it might already be in the game and I'm just being stupid. Also you'll understand the kittens part if you at the game.
This games is just addictive and it's one of those games that you keep saying "just one more". It's kinda like Tinder, but you're actually deciding on the whims of your subjects. The game is just funny, simple but really nice art. The mumbles the characters do are a nice touch. Kinda reminds me of Rogue Legacy for some reason. The game is just fun. Get it.
Have learned I should not let my executioner resign, and if I do let them resign, I should ABSOLUTELY not replace them with my doctor, no matter how much he 'wants to test exotic poisons on prisoners'. Have learned this is a bad idea. For so many reasons. Seriously though, incredible game! Engaging and surprising story. Hooked!
First saw on a let's play and bought it for pc, then here with Google credit. Fun and challenging little game! Only criticism is that I've been getting too many titles in one reign and so those get locked from the time line, haha. But it's super fun!
Honestly, I'm not a fan of mobile games but this game is by far the best I've ever seen. It's very original, addicting, and never ceases to provide me with a good time. The game play is absolutely amazing. This is my idea of a mobile game. Well worth the money. I'd be willing to pay $5.
I bought this game a few days ago, and I haven't been disappointed by any means. The characters and choices are all great; it's a joy to play. That being said, it's not perfect, as I really enjoy my kings receiving 'the' names like 'George the Duelist' and so on. With progression in the game, there are less opportunities for those names and they end up being just plain 'Gerald'. I wish there was a way that every king got a 'the' name. Other than that, I have no complaints. Get the game, and have fun :)
I enjoyed all of my runs, you simply swipe left or right to make very important decisions or not so important ones. I don't wanna say too much because this game is magical. The game comes off as funny at first then takes a really dark turn once your king dies. Definitely worth a buy, this will kill time like a clock.
I downloaded this last night. I'm not an "expert" Monopoly player but I do know how to play quite well. The game is supposed to be challenging, like a real game. I played it 6 times on medium and beat it every time. If it was actually rigged, that wouldn't happen. My only complaint is that the touch controls are way off during trades, building houses, and entering dollar amounts. I also wish there was a way to un-animate gameplay to make it faster.
My device plays this game great and I was having a lot of fun until most of the properties were bought. A.I. and I had a good balance and then all of a sudden the A.I. starts making complete circuits of the board not only by landing its own properties but by also landing on the chance and com chest and getting the good payout cards and I on the same two circuits landed on the A.I properties enough to leave me with no houses and everything mortgaged. That's garbage and not fun.
Monopoly is a great game....unfortunately this app isn't. The AI is completely rigged. I owned an entire side of the board and the computer landed on chance three times in a row. Also the number of times you will land on the one property with a hotel is staggering. Keep in mind this is on very easy. This game will make you want to throw your phone through the wall. The odds of the computer being this "lucky" are astronomical small, and yet turn after turn and game after game, that is exactly what happens.
I was so unsure about buying this app, all the negative reviews had me thinking but I like the game so much that I bought it and took the risk. I have had it for a few days now and let me tell you this game is awesome I have no problem what so ever the app is great and out seems like it does seem a little rigged for the computer but they are for sure beatable I have won 95% idk if this people are first time players but if you like monoplay and consider yourself good its a must Great game passes time.!
I wrote a review and email last night that I was having problems downloading this and it would not install and stop at 98% every time I tried to install it. Happy to say it finally downloaded and love it :) If you fixed this for me and help to solve the problem I was having, thank you, I really appreciate it! Thanks to the developer for making this awesome app so we can all enjoy and fun playing it :)
I thought people were just being bitter losers. They are all completely right. The AI will land on any property except the ones you own and have developed, yet somehow you always land on theirs. It is fun to play with people but playing the AI, I've almost ripped my phone in half 4 time today. Completely takes the fun out of it. Not worth it in any way shape or form.
Not sure why anyone is saying it's rigged, I'm having a blast playing this, and getting good at winning. But I do wish I could save my house rules and disable that stupid tutorial. There is no way to turn it off, either, if you accidentally enable it at the start. Some other player color options would be nice too. But I love this app and am very happy to have spent a dollar on it. A dollar is nothing compared to buying the actual board game.
Who would hate a game like this it's amazing I gave it 5 Stars it's that good please say another game with come out like this my sister is getting this game right now she's calling me to help her maybe she'll give it five stars as well and who would know it's not a waste of time waste of money it's a fantastic game my title is awesome and amazing cool game to let another game come out like this it's amazing so never give up and gives another game like this that is my description
Not being able to play co-op? It's so hard trying to find someone to match with and when I do, it's impossible to play... I've only played 1 time online with someone! Fix it or I'd like my money back cus I mostly wanted this game to play with friends.
So far playing solo was real fun and brought back memories of when I used to play black ops like four years ago. The only thing that it's missing is updated graphics to make it more on par with consoles, and a better multiplayer mode because it never seems to work on both online and local multiplayer modes. I hope an update kicks in as this game has a lot of potential.
The sound only works when I pick up a power up, or upgrade. The multiplayer set up is terrible. The app forces close, when I'm about to start with a team. We will skip the little stuff.. The customer support is really bad. Whatever you email them, will get the same response, "Go to our website." Which doesn't provide information on this specific game. So good luck getting a hold of someone, because they must be stretched super thin. Avoid like the plauge. I need a refund.
Multiplayer matchmaking is still buggy. You have a very rare chance to play with someone you invited. VERY RARE! Hope you (treyarch and marmade studio) can fix this up ASAP!
Personally I have experienced many issues that could easily be addressed. First of would be the incredibly small Field of view which makes navigating and shooting a difficult task. There are also a handfull of performance issues that need to be solved such as lag, audio and visual bugs, and glitch controls. If the game were patched up and updated with some new stuff lots of people would be interested. :)
One suks 2 is so much better are u going to make a two for Android google play store and when my favourite map in 2 is transit it would  be cool if there  was a two I would put money for two but not for one and u need better graphics and more maps gust saying make a cod bo 2 for Android google play soon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Tell when u will make a two and when it comes  out for Google play man 2 is really famous and codbo 1 crashes to much
One thing i dispise while playing this, the fact that multiplayer doesnt work. I dont know if its just  the fact thst no one plays this anymore or multiplayer is truly broken. Please fix this and i will give 5 stars.
I have no sound in gameplay and that takes away half the fun. When I tried to email developer I got an email shot back saying to check support which to me states that they don't care to respond to individuals. Refunding for now until an update happens and people say the sound is back.
I love this game and i was excited to be able to play all these maps again, and to have alot of different options, like character choice and difficulty. I was also happy to see the music ee were kept in the maps. The only other thing that I, and other people, want is the moon map.
I love this game, It's so interactive once you go past a certain point in the game, year 1, like doing spells, and potions. Having the invisibility cloak is cool. Although, I wish we had more characters to begin with. The things you can smash with gives you coins, galleons and those silver coins. The graphics and the music to the game is awesome, you can have the options in the game, like having the toggle or not to move around the screen. Overall, this is the best game I've ever played after Thor game.
I started off with fnaf 3 i never really knew how to play until i got jumpscared! I had to search it up on how to play, now im a fnaf addict! Only night im struggling on is the 6th night cuz all the animotronics pop in my office so im always hiding in that mask the marionette is hard to conceal due to that and BB turns my flashlight off Foxy never knows when to QUIT!!!! Scott i admire your work its great! And u make these games so fast! Crazy fast i hope FNAF 4 is just as challenging! Keep up the good work!
It's OK, no 'play again' option means you need to set up a new game and share a new code with the same friends all the time...   Games are also very limited in terms of number of cards in play, time limits and exploding kittens added to deck - none of which you can change. It would be nice if you can change it up a bit as games get stale and boring quite quickly.   The physical exploding kittens card game is much better, same your cash for that ;)
Samsung Galaxy Note 4 - Beyond addicting...even though people are assholes when they play! Ugh, hehe ....But love it! =) ♡♡♡
Great app, love the card game. To make the app better I would add achievements or collectibles or something of the sort because right now it's too repetitive especially if you have nobody to play with.
It's a great game, I have the card game and I just had to have the app. Very addictive. The game keeps you intrested and wondering what's going to happen next throught!
No new content since May 2016. Virtually impossible to get full game of 5 players with strangers. Novelty long gone. Needs sprucing up to become playable again.
I learned how to play the physical card game from a friend and instantly became hooked! When I heard the app was out, I bought it just as fast! The physical cards can get torn from normal wear and tear; giving the owner an advantage against new players because they can memorize what the damaged cards are. With the app version, you don't have that issue :-D. This game makes me laugh all the time. Do yourself a favor and spend the $2, it's worth every penny! Happy Defusing everyone! Cheers!
A lot of fun fast paced wackiness. Sometimes people will disconnect and the game is stuck and nothing for the payers to do about through a combo of the gameplay / bad sports but a lot of fun
Polished UI, solid gameplay, bloody fun! The Add-on decks and additional avatars are affordable and only serve to increase the gameplay. Perfect mobile translation. Brilliant!
I was able to play for about 30 minutes. I exited to google how to buy groceries so i can cook and it gave me the same error message it gave back in march. I tried force close and it did the same thing. Please fix i was really enjoying up until that point. Sims is my all time favorite game and i don't like freeplay it takes too long. I paid 7.43 for this game. :,,C
I'm unable to reset the game, tried what I found online (keep 2 fingers pressed for 5s, then keep 5s pressed on the reset button), but nothing works. I don't want to give 3 stars since the game is very nice, but at the moment it's like paying for playing once.
This game is a lot of fun. It doesn't require Internet, and provides a decent challenge. It addresses some of the intricacies of ruling. Make too many wrong Moves, and you die. The longest i survived was 40 years. The shortest was just one.  Would totally die one year in again
Nice game for fun. Lacks the depth and strict game mechanics, but has an exceptional humor and innovative Tinder-like choice system. What you should know is that the game becomes boring in just two days, because of repetitive choices you need to make to rule the kingdom.
This game is really fun at first, discovering mrw cards and what leads to what. However, the more you play the more you realize how repetitive it gets. But that is only after you've played a lot. I really like all the aspects of this game, they're pretty unique. I just wish updates were more frequent but I'm pretty satisfied already with my experience
This is a fun and quirky game that presents some challenge. You often can't make decisions you want, unless you want to die. I think it is a great idea and funny, but the consequences of some decisions just don't make sense, in an aggravating manner. I would think not killing Santa would increase the size of the population.
Reigns is a fun fantasy game where you play the game via cards that have  two options in each scenario. You have to keep all four aspects of you kingdom: The Church, Your Funds, Your Military, and Your People in check with each other. You can't let one aspect completely deplete, or take over everything or you die.
Fluid, intriguing, and just difficult enough to keep you engaged. The minimalist graphic style fits the simple swipe left/right method of gameplay, but the systems within are far more complex. Will your reign be one where you fall into atrocities because they're easy and benefit you, or will you try to stay on the side of justice - and maybe end up on the point of a sword?
It's hard to do well when it seems like every choice is "do you want to lose a lot of money or a little" with no choices resulting in making money. I must of had a string of 10 3-5 year reigns simply from going broke over and over. It loses its flavor pretty quickly. I'm glad I got it on sale.
Make decisions simply by swiping right or left, and observe the sometimes unexpected effects on your kingdom. Balance the church, populace, army and budget. Each time your king dies, a new king takes over the same kingdom, and you get to play them next. Good fun.
Don't listen to the crap reviews. The game is almost flawless. If I could change anything, I'd make more animations and make it available to 8 players instead of 4 like the old Nintendo Monopoly Version. Love This Game and it does not cheat! Luck of the dice my friends. (I won 4 of 4 games on every difficulty just to test it.)
Easy is easy and hard can be but what would expect. Ai on hard does miss landing on hostile properties which makes it hard. Play smart and use railroads and utilities to offset that. When trading never let ai get full set and do what you can early to eliminate ai before they gain many sets of property. Play 1 vs 3 ai on hard and work backwards toward 1 vs 1 am as this is the hardest but I win 50% oh the hard games and 80% of easy games. Great graphics for the money I enjoy.
Alot of people hammered this app in there review, but since its now only 99 cents, I thought I would try it since I enjoy the board game. Its great. I have noticed no bias in the gameplay at all, I have noticed no lag or slowdown at all, and its not crashed once. I am using a samsung tab 3. This is worth 99 cents any day of the week, and I have no idea why there are so many negitive reviews. The graphics are nice and the game moves at a good pace. Overall the app has exceeded my expectations.
The gameplay is mediocre at best. It doesn't remember your settings at all, for anything. Your house rules or anything, literally every game it asks if you want the tutorial. It takes forever to load the game, and I am on high end devices.  Really, it is only worth it if you have an urge to play Monopoly. Other than that it is a horribly written app.
The application is very enjoyable. I like playing Monopoly; it's a great game. However, the dice in this game are totally rigged. Every game, a player has incredible "luck" for a period of time. When I control the vast majority of half of the board, my opponent and I both somehow avoid all of my squares and hit all of his. This happens every game, and it's incredibly frustrating. Also, the Computers won't trade a Monopoly for anything. You wouldn't be able to trade everything else on the board for a Monopoly on the brown squares. Not right at all.
I bought this expecting to be able to play with my girlfriend. I guess I should have looked further into the "challenge your friends!" claim. This app would be perfect if I could play against human players without having to pass my phone back and forth. Bluetooth, WiFi, etc. No luck there. Anyway, the game looks great. It functions really well on my phone, and it's really easy to use. The only problem with the game is that the computer is easy to take advantage of in trades. Even on high difficulty.
Overall I was surprised by the quality of this game.  Very well put together app for my hp tablet.  Great job Android dev team! Well worth the two bucks I paid.   P. S. -  I've played  multiple games both solo and with friends.  The variables are accurate. I'm not sure why people say it's unfair.  Obviously they have no idea how this game works. It even remembered settings from previous  games.  Not sure if all issues were recently addressed but I saw none.  Superb build.  Thanks.
The computer, or AI, gets a lot of the advantage. For the most it's fun. However, if you play against the AI, despite which ever level, they get the big advantage.  I was paying against two, the one went bankrupt, and the other AI got everything. Everytime I pay against more than one, and one is out, it always happens. I am now uninstalling it. It doesn't even give an option or divide equally. On easy against one AI, is great you loose you win. But any more out higher level, it's all the AI.
This game is the worst app to use the monopoly name ever.yeah, it looks like monopoly. However, you couldn't cheat your way through a real game of monopoly(like the AI does consistently) if you were playing with rigged dice and three blind, deaf and dumb opponents.the AI in this game unbelievable to say the least.Don't waste the money on this. instead find a nice comfortable restroom and use the money for self cleaning.between the two, at least it will be put to some good use during the second option.
bought for my 5 year old he was crushed he couldn't play it because it wouldn't open! if you're not going to produce a game that works then stop ripping people off!! what a waste jerks!!
I ordered it for my son on his tablet and now my son is upset he wasted $5 each on this and the other Batman DC Lego game because they keep foreclosing and all we could do is report it, which I'm sure will lead to nothing but me having to buy my son another Google play card.
I like it but theres a problem its the long charge time of the batarang or any throwable weapon hope u fix it ill give a better rating
My son has played this game multiple times and always enjoys it. We love all of the lego games, the Batman ones are his favorite. Great job!
This is a good game but there are a few issues such as no free roam just replay, no cut scenes playing and the gameplay is too easy and quick.
This app is not good, I paid for it for my son and it want even down load. What a rip off and I can't get my money back. So when the majority of comments are bad pay attention to them I wish I had
I've lost $20 (EDIT, after counting it's actually$35) now to you devs and not no one will even answer a question for me. WHY WON'T ANY OF THESE LEGO GAMES RUN ON MY NEXUS 6P 6.0.1 ANDROID?
Well love all lego games,  runs very well on my onda 2gb ram quad core 64gb rom  10/10  and as a super bonus paid 50p in the sale fantastic .... controls are faultless also easy to control brilliant. Completed it all missions  love it!
Has controller support but does not support Android TV. Great game otherwise. Developer replied that there is achievement based progress restoration. I will test and update my review its effectiveness across multiple device saving and game reinstalls.
I like call of duty zombies. Its a good game the graphics could be better and the controls take a little practice. It could have more maps but I sadly have problems with the online multiplayer. It says your current connection does not allow online multiplayer. Please help. But overall its pretty fun if you have nothing else to do.
Game is great, odd bugs but nothing to complain to much about. Would love controller support to make this my zombies away from home. Also have to agree that the multilayer is terrible not so much that the network  is bad it's that match making needs to be a thing  please. Think about adding these and the app won't have as many terrible ratings.
Fix the fukn damned app
That's all I heard practically on a loop. For those whose audio doesn't work your lucky. The controls for this game are average for a mobile shooter but what kills it for me is the lack of sensitivity when your moving. See you cancel your reload when you run and any slight movement and your husain bolt. Now that wouldn't be bad but the reload sound plays constantly.but honestly you don't need to run the zombies at wave 31 are as slow as snails in a tar pit. Also it plan old sucks and is laughably bad
Is there anyway I can possibly get a refund? I bought this game believing it would work with my moga controller and it doesn't. The touch controls are horrible, not accurate at all. Please refund me.
NOT GAMEPAD COMPATIBLE. I used to like this game back when I had my old phone. For some reason that version didn't work on my new phone so I bought it again because I saw that it had gamepad support. It doesn't. I can't figure out any way to play this game using a controller and I'm extremely upset because it says it supports it so I figured it would be easy and not need me to root my device or anything. It was a wasted $14 because I had to buy it twice because for some reason they have two of the same game.
3 years ago, I bought this game when it was in Christmas promotion ($1.99). I've not been able to install the app on any phone until today. Google and I reported this issue to Activisionsupport and no FOLLOW UP from them. Unfortunately, I had to buy it again to report this issue. Hopefully it gets attention.
I love the game but im not sure how to play online it says authenticated game center thing idk but it would be awesome if i could play online reply please i love this game but i dont know how to play online so tell me lol
It's not the best zombies port I've played but it's alright. If your looking for a better app I would get ROBOTS CO-OP. It's free and worth a look. I wish they would fix the countries and add controller support.
It's just like playing it on the wii all over again! It's one of my favorite games! What I think you need now is a lego Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them! The reason behind my four stars however is the game play. When you're on a broom, it doesn't look like you're flying. The levels are also totally alienated compared to the books, movies, and the wii version in my opinion
I paid 5 dollars on this. The game can't even say it's game logo nothing. When I open the app, after a few seconds "Unfortunately Harry Poter........stopped working." This is on my Samsung tab. I send feedback. So I tried it again but it did the same thing.
Hello?! I don't pay 5 dollars for nothing!! I can't even start the game and it says to me, that this app is stopped! Either you fix this bug or I want my money back! I'm not that rich that I can buy every day a new card and I don't have to worry about 5 dollars! I wanted to play this game cause I'm a huge Harry Potter fan but like this, I can't play..... &gt;:(
The game should be full screen. Not 4:3. Also some sound issues. The game looks just like the screenshots. Just put your device in landscape mode and you will see how the game will look on your device. It will not be full screen. The game has great potential. Why did you mess up a Harry Potter game ?
I'm so thrilled to got this at it's discounted price, because it's not worth five dollars, and here's why; Lego didn't put no effort in making this entertaining. There's no voice over, so the movie scenes are silent, not all of the theme songs are from the movie, the screen is small, and it doesn't take over the entire scene of a phone. The characters are smaller than ants, after playing for a few minutes, I was bored, and I abandoned it pretty quickly. An update to fix this would be good!
What is up with the aspect ratio on this game, who has a 4:3 screen?! All phones are closer to 16:9 surely this is a silly lazy mistake? Surely? Otherwise it would have been 5 stars!
It's a condensed version of the console game and still adorable. For the person complaining about there being no voiceover work.. all the first Lego games were like this (except for Lego Island). It wasn't until Lego Batman 2 that characters started to talk instead of grunt, etc.
Wait for a sale. For 49¢, it was a good deal. However, there are several technical issues that keep it from being really good. It will hit that nostalgia itch, but, to be honest, I'd rather watch the movies or read the books. I think if they remade this and fixed the issues, it would be awesome (hint, hint).
Welcome to your night job at the new and improved Freddy fazbears pizzeria. Where we love all our customers and even have interactive animatronics! But...well you see there are some...bad bits about this job. The animatronics welllll. They may try and get you and stuff you into a suit. Also the old ones in the back are able to walk around as well. There is also an old indo skeleton walking around as well, and a golden Freddy, your flashlight has a limited amount of power, so welcome to the team, have fun ;)
This game has to be one of my all time favorites... it's truly amazing and stands out as a unique approach to horror games, watching the cameras, winding up the box not knowing if there's animatronic waiting for you when your done, and creating your own strategy to defend yourself and survive the night, i made it to the sixth night and I have yet to beat it after a couple of days.. the game is fantastic, fun, and entertaining I LOVE it
Oh noo a number two!!! Oh well it's better this way 👍Scott great game again! I mean I was wanting a number two just one thing Toy Freddy is kind of chubby but oh well he can eat all the pizza he wants! anyway this game is great I can tell scott put a lot  of work and time into this game! I am so excited to play the third one these games are coming so fast its hard to beat all of them any way have fun and good luck BYEEEEEEE
This is the perfect sequel And probably my favorite fnaf game. Besides the first one of course. Part three isn't so good but is still pretty fun. part four is OK, but the design of the animatronics, well its like they are trying too hard for them to be scary. Can't wait for Sister location to come out for phone. Keep up the good work Scott.
Welcome to the new and improved Freddy Fazbear's pizza. Everybody loves the place, it's fun for everybody during the day, but the night shift tells a different story. Our Night Guard tells us that the animatronics attempt to get into his office and kill him. But that's just during the night. Everybody (except the night guard) leaves before dark. Come to Freddy Fazbear's pizza, where fantasy and fun come to life! P.S. Hope you enjoy the game, because I LOVE it. Perfection, Scott Cawthon. Perfection.
Although the game works perfectly on my phone, it needs a new update. For example, it sometimes crashes when I play the game. Also, maybe you can possibly add some elements from the PC version, like Mangles radio (so that you know when she's there), the ability to change the AI so that you don't always have to play the same modes on the custom night, probably add Shadow Freddy and Bonnie, and add the Deathscreens when you Open the game, leave the game, and finish the game. But its a good game anyway.
Awesome game but too easy. I beat night 1, 2, and 3 first try, I died once on night 4 then beat it the next try, then beat night 5 first try. Night 6 is absolutely terrifying because of golden freddy. I saw his head in the hallway and didn't know what to do so I put the mask on. Didn't work. But awesome game scott. The third one is great too! Please make one more to tell us what actually happened to the kids and who the purple guy is!
Can already tell I'm going to be playing this game a lot , been playing for 2 hours right after install . GREAT UI keep it up .... update had the game for a maybe 6 months and now I play with all my friends awesome game
I love this game. It's a fresh idea, loads of fun and not overly time consuming until you're addicted to it... Then you're going to have to hit rehab.
Love the game but still pretty buggy. I have never been able to get the play with friends function to work.
A great game to play for 5 or so minutes at a time. If you are bored in the bathroom you'll love this.
It's okay. I don't see how it's worth the money.. plus all the in app purchases. But it's okay. That's really all I can say about it. It's okay. EXCEPT I KEEP GETTING DISCONNECTED EVERY TIME I'M ABOUT TO WIN. That. Is. Not. Okay.
Very disappointed.... The clothes selection sucks theres not alot of clothes to choose from including hair styles also why cant you have pets? Or move in with another sim or have kids the sims freeplay is so much better this sims needs to be as good as sims 3 on the computer come on sim creators i know you can do better than this!! we payed for this REMEMBER?!?!😡 make this game worth buying.......
There is no reason of this game. It won't even load for me . U should REALY update this game to where it's actually to when I CAN PLAY ON IT! I payed a LOT of money for this! Sims doesn't cost ANYTHING and it's SO much better! Did you hear that!!!??? SO much better. I hope you get the SO part. If it costs money, actually make it GOOD! Take my word other people, this is something you DONT want to waist your money on. Please, don't use the money you worked hard for and earned, for this mean money-taking app.
After awhile,controling only one sim at a time becomes boring. Its the SIMS 3 there should be baby making all over this game. Having more skills would've be nice and make the skill above 5. 5 is too easy to get too. Please upgrade the max on promotion, $300 a day is to easy to reach. Downloading and playing is good. (SiM3) Overal,i would like some new updates. Like what you did with freeplay sims.
I lovee this game, so much. Its really good, better than any other. Except i really wanna have kids in the game and it sucks cause you cant. Also the cloths! Gosh i really wish their were more off them. I dont like the cloths or hairstyles. Ill give 5 stars if we get those to things changed up
I love it its worth it no problems except i wish it was free nothing i can do about that so its perfect life changing in a good way and gets you prepared for the future wow please comment about my comment and think positive not negative no have a good day god bless u all now. Peace out chall yo and out😀😊😝😜😜😜😜😝😄😃
I wasn't totally impressed with this app. But I'm still a fan of the sims so I will always have my addiction to the game. I don't like how you don't earn anything for completing goals. No Kids to make, limited jobs  And limited skills to learn. The town could be better ad well. Such as more things to do. And the jobs need promotions. The sims free play is way better and they was free compared to thus price of this game.
Are you guys gonna add away to save on a cloud like google+ or origin or something cuz thats 1 of the reasons dont play it if I get a new device or something happens to mine hope nothing does but still id like to keep my sim and house.... and please add children and pets and all thats.. im on galaxy s3.. if u guys can get back to me on any update news it be much appreciated
This games a joke. what a waste! I juz paid for this n I got nothin. it has less than the freeplay version. are u kiddin me im tight !!sims freeplays 100 times better .I wouldnt have paid if I knew it was juz a lil more grahics. I expected more in game options like the sims from way back when u cld customize evry detail...I wouldnt even give it a star
I bought this game on a recommendation and have not been disappointed in the slightest. Very very fun, easy to pick up and put down again. Keeps surprising me time and time again.. just buy it... It's less then a damn coffee.
The only problem I have with the game right now is sometimes you have literally no idea what you mean by the answer you give to a problem/question, making the game less kingdom management and more hoping you picked the right option.
It's simple to understand and it creates a lot of good stories just by happenstance. Passes time we'll, great art style. My only issue is that it's somewhat difficult to determine outcomes just based on the UI but that's a design decision, not an objective fault.
Not as easy as you might think, this game puts you in the king's shoes as you try to balance the four powers of your nation. Let one grow too powerful or too weak and your reign will crumble around you. Simple at heart, and easy to pick up and play. Easily worth the dollar price tag.
Nicely put together, charming illustrations and really pleasing humour... but probably not worth £2.79. After a couple of hours I'd pretty much experienced everything in the game and it just sank into dull repetition. Fun while it lasted though.
I really enjoyed playing this game. It truly is something to pass the time. However, after many playthroughs, the game loses its edge from its own repetitive design. Unlockables from progression instead of story finding  would truly make this 5 stars.
It's lots of fun, and it doesn't drain battery. It started to freeze for me in the loading screen (at "Antagonizing the Devil"), and I have tried everything! I finally had to uninstall the app. I've just re-installed it. I'm disappointed, because I lost all achievements and "Royal Deeds," but the game itself is still excellent.
I don't like the fact that events effect your population or other groups of people. It is too hard to balance when one group is exponentially decreasing. Other events also make it difficult to and I know this is not an app that I wanted to pay for. If I could get a refund I would.
Ok firstly I don't hate the game totally but it pisses me off that I can't listen to my music from my phone while playing the game. So fix that and it gets five stars. So if there is a dev out there reading this take this into consideration. Litterally all my other apps let me use my music app while I use them.
If you played the full game, you will appreciate the mobile. The controls are great overall and the original game is largely kept intact. That said, the free-play areas outside the levels is basically a fraction of the original, which is not too surprising given the additional space it would require. I would love to see more side quest/after game content.
I do admit the computer can be hard to beat but so far I've won 5 out 5 games against the ai. It is possible if you understand how to play monopoly well. The only real issue with this game is that it's hard to click your properties to mortgage them. It only lets you select them if you click them really fast. Otherwise it thinks you are moving the screen. Also my game crashed twice but I was able to resume each time. Overall its a great game. They just need to make it easier to click your properties.
Perfect! The original, classic Monopoly without new questionable gimics. I downloaded an earlier version of this that would freeze up periodically, but it looks like they reworked and released this newer, better game to take its place. Love it. Thank you!  EDIT: I don't know why everyone says the AI is rigged. I only play on hard mode with 4 players and it feels completely random and fair to me. Usually win 75%ish of the time. I like that AI is smart with their trades. Still excellent game version! Love it!
Game plays fine on my RAZR M. Just about a perfect replication of the classic boardgame. My only real complaint is that it doesn't keep saved games. I saved after two hours of playing. Had beat all but one AI opponents and when I started the game back up just ten minutes later it asked me to choose my preferred language as if it was the first time starting the ap and my saved game was gone.
This is an awesome game. Just like like the original version board game. Its competitive which makes it that much more enjoyable. Don't try to hack it to constantly win. It defeats the purpose of the game.  You will end up getting bored.  It would be amazing to be able to play against other players online. All in all, worth it 🤗
Revised from original one star review: You can't turn sound effects off completely on Galaxy S III. No online play. Not enough rule customization. Does not adhere strictly to classic monopoly rules (for example, income tax is always $200 instead of $200 or %10, luxury tax is now $100, not $75). The look and feel is nice. Game asks every time you play what language to use. What's up with that? The AI is not good. You can easily manipulate them and win every time, even on hard mode
This was a really good game. It shows the statistics for the dice, doesn't cheat, and is fun. Though like most games it has potential. I was hesitant at first after reading the reviews but after getting through that it didn't cheat (unlike what most of the reviews said). Anyway, EA should look at feedback to improve the game. So here is mine: 1) Make it easier to click on a property. 2) Make a "Very Hard" Diffuculty (I started off with Hard and 3 AI's and I easily beat them). 3) Make an online mode.
Works just fine.  No issues found.  Did not see issue with mortgage/unmortgage as others stated.  Lots of fun.  Don't understand all the haters.  Fun animation and can customize rules.        That said, Can please add more token pieces and save for custom rules.  I have to change the rules every time I play.  And, swear the custom rules change during game a game.
The best version of Monopoly.  Just completed game on Medium.  Everything seems appropriate and fair.  Thanks to developers for this excellent version!  Update:  I played a few rounds on the Hard level.  It appears that the app uses the same gaming intelligence but the Computer player is more "lucky" on the dice rolls (Chances, etc.), and therefore, is a tougher opponent to beat.  Apparently, that's easier to write the program that way.  However, the end result is the same.  The Computer opponent is a lot harder to beat.  But, it is still possible to beat the Computer player.  Hints:  You must change to a strategy that is less vulnerable to a "luckier" opponent.  Also, be very careful with the trade deals since the "luckier" opponent can greatly capitalize on the deals.  Have fun :)
It works fine on the Nexus 4. There are a few bugs, specifically with sound and touchscreen settings (some sections have large touch areas that seem to bleed over one another). Overall it is entertaining. It would be a lot more fun if you could play with others online... it is turn based after all.
Will we ever see better updates for this? I've played the iPhone version and I feel like 2K is favoring the iPhone more than the android. It has less issues and bugs than the android. I've always been a loyal fan of 2K because they have the best sports games.. and unfortunately this game isn't living up to the standard (android). Please keep updating it!! 4 stars for now
I bought this game, loved the game to Wii then I realised it's no game controller support? :/ They have it to Lego Star wars saga but not this game? Quite disappointed
Galaxy s7 Edge. Worked brilliant until this latest update, now every time I start it I get a force close. I wouldn't normally mind but I paid a lot of money for something that no longer works. Please fix devs.....
6 year old Grandson love's it !.It works great on his hipstreet phoenix, rca viking,  and Samsung tab 3 ( lollipop ). All Lego / Warner Bros.  games are working well on these tabs , .. and he has most of their games  !. That's all I know and can say honestly! . I never needed help setting the clock on my VCR . Ha . ☺.
The Stikman archer game and this lego batman is the only thing my phone must have so my child can have fun and let me be
Bad controls. Lego Batman 3 Beyond Gotham is the best Lego title I've played so far. They totally got the controls right. This one, unfortunately, doesn't.
I did try to refund it, after 1h, because i didn't like and i have got the message' u can't refund it now, try later'. Later means - no. Soo me i ask why i couldn't it refund it if i had the refund option available?
I hate this game because I exit it out by accident and know I have to star over the whole game and I had mostly all the characters I thought I could trust you tt games
But can update it I've finished it by the way look on info getting it will tell you what platform you need to run on!
You guys totally rock with your games. keep up good work
Botanicula je skvela, ale po poslednich aktualizacich hra nestartuje, objevi se cerna obrazovka a je konec. Reinstalace a restart nepomahaji. Skoda, deti jsou z toho dost smutne. Nemate nejake reseni? Dik.
Yay it's fixed!! Thank you it's as lovely as I remember :)
I realy can not play after open t
This game is beautiful to play. The graphics are the best I've ever seen in an app and the gameplay is both funny and entertaining
The best
Loved it
Please. Don't tell me to download the latest version. I did that this morning. I love you games but something is very wrong with this one. Time for a refund.     OK since you suggested it, I tried the update, then since you suggested it, I uninstalled, restarted and reinstalled. Nothing but a black screen. Refund please. I am sure this is a wonderful game but games should provide a few hours of entertainment not a part time job.
The devs have finally fixed the crash issue on install which made the game unplayable, very happy to finally have this on my phone. This game is completely unique, from the music to the artwork and play style, it's cute but not patronising, leaves you open to discover the game for yourself and uses music keyed to your actions to buoy you along. Unmissable - you won't regret it.
I love Call of Duty. Saved up money from google surveys to buy this game. I like the game itself, but it is buggy. I have a Note 5 and the controls are bad, I am trying to be patient but it's hard to get immersed when it is a struggle to move. And after the recent update in 12/16 all of my COD points were gone and my level reset to one. For someone who likes leveling up, I havent wanted to play it since I lost all my data. This is a good game that needs improvement to be as good as it was intended.
Round twenty-three on ascension is glitches so the zombies can't move when spawned even when I shoot them...and I just got my second pack-a-punched gun.
Its good but not everything works and there is no jumping button and acension does not start black and white anymore and this is also way to easy. You should also put more maps or at least let us buy them. Not worth the money. Also when you use the thunder gun the zombies dissappear. This games graphics also suck compared to the console. Not worth 5 stars or the money. 💵😔. Worth 3.
While the controls will take some getting used to, this is the same Zombies mode you know from COD: Black Ops. A lot of portable fun. There is some lag on my tablet when it comes to shooting the guns.
It downloads BUT now I have to wait to download again just to play?! It's slowly going through but stops for a whole day. Smh I love this game but something needs to be fixed here!
It works and I've used it enough to get my money's worth out of it. The main problem is that firing any weapon, especially a shotgun or full auto weapon, into a train of zombies on any detail level causes the game to crash and restart at the beginning of the round. It's aggravating when the game crashes five times at the end of the same round, then on your sixth attempt you get downed and the game autosaves immediately leaving you screwed out of a quick revive and( ultimately) your best score.
I figured with the recent update that they would fix the online multiplayer problem, but nope, it still just puts me in a lobby by myself and doesn't ever start. SMH
When i first got the game it look fun then when i played it it was even more fun. But there was a problem there wasnt no audio so please activision please fix ur game a little bit not a lot but a little bit
Its really fun tbh no problems with it really the only thing that bugs me is how if you get a headshot on a zombie in later rounds they will continue to keep going without a head for awhile its annoying.
Game is alright. Animations are wicked slow though. One example is that waiting for the outcome of an action card feels like it takes ages. Also crashes quite often at random.
This is one if the best games ever! I play this game whenever I can I've had this game for almost a year. And I love all the updates! Coffee Stain Studios has made a GREAT  game. This is a must have game for ALL ages!!  But it takes FOREVER and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever to load, besides that this is more than awesome. 5 stars isn't enough. :D
Its a great game and I love that you can choose to be tame but there are a few bugs. Other then that its pretty good. I would like to see an Ultimate Polar Bear Sim or maybe even a Human Sim where you can start as a baby and you can grow up buy pets and look after them and you go to school and work for xp and maybe get married and have kids and stuff like that.
After year 1 it crashes in Year 2 chapter 1 while helping out Ron's mom. It would be perfect if it would work! I had no problem in year 1, I even deleted and redownloaded and still crashes in the same spot please fix and I will surely turn the 2 stars into 5 thanks
My son loves the game so I loved it. However an advert for a porn video popped up whilst he played it. Thankfully I supervise his gameplay so was able to get rid before he saw. But want to warn other parents.
The game does not display full screen. Does not utilize full available screen estate. It like it just runs an emulator if so why are we paying for this? Refund immediately please.
Can't even try it because it unfortunately stops right when opening. Does not work on Marshmallow, but does on Lollipop. Using 2 devices with identical setup, other than Android version.
I really enjoy playing this but the shapes are a pain to use in every spell. I also don't like flashing so when I use the luminous spell it's quite uncomfortable to keep looking at.
Was enjoying the game until the first mission of year three. Professor Lupin's expecto patronum spell does not work, no matter what I try. I'd love to continue playing the game if it is fixed.
Such nostalgia from playing these on the Wii! Only annoying this is I wish you could move the D pad to the right side instead of it being on the left.
The game itself is a blast the controls are easy the parks are big and easy to free roam on and the tricks are good too. The problem is that they do not give enough credits! When you build up a pretty good combo that should be worth a lot of points they end up giving you 2 or 3. I've had the game for almost a week now and I still don't have enough credits to buy anything! So please fix this in the next update and I will rate 5 stars.
Pros: Very pretty graphics. Ballistics that require leading in front of your target. Interactive events and shootable objects. Neat objectives and overall sense of unfolding story.  Cons: Only one map and repetitive game play. Loses replayability after a few times of trying to best your own score. Feels like you've seen everything after playing a few levels.  Improvements: Need more levels, more targets, other objects to shoot and trigger events, and other modes of play.
How come the static is gone in the main menu and the cameras? And also why is there no radio when Mangle is near you? I don't want to miss out on what the PC game has and the android version doesn't. The first game had what the PC had. Oh yeah, I forgot. THE CUTSCENES!!! I was waiting the whole game for a cutscene and found nothing! But overall, this is an extraordinarily great game. Its one of my favorite games ever now!! Thank you and I can't wait to see what you have in store for us in the future!!!!!
I thought this game would be similar to the first, but with added stuff, but no! This game is insane! It starts out easy and quiet, bonnie walks in and leaves stuff like that. But as the nights go on, there's to much going on. Foxy in the hall, the music box, balloon boy in the vent. Its a good game, and still has the unexpected jump scares, but there is just to much happening at one time. Still, I really enjoy playing it.
I love it. I admit. Five nights at freddy's is scary like jumpscary but not as FNAF 2. More cameras means more jumpscares. Caution: may include lots of jumpscares. Awesome and i want to know when is FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY'S 3 is going to come out. Anyway i cant pass night 2 on fnaf 2 which means you have done a pretty good job with this game. Hope the 3rd one is going to come out soon and make sure to include more  jumpscares.
Needs work though. My phone is brand new, like this year new and it still crashes. I know it needs a large platform to run on cause its the phone version, but it still crashes on my phone. This game is really well made, but it needs improvement. Like how Bonnie 2.0 doesn't flash across your screen like on the computer. Fix that and the bugs and it's perfect. People love this game and they're relying on you to fix it. I loved the first one but this one just lags too much. It would b better if it ran smoother
Thanks for fixing the crash glitch! The game is really fun but skurry at the same time ;~;. I can't get past night six at all!! I do think that when you put on the Freddy head it should have an animation and the death screens wouldn't glitch. Plus adding the cutscenes and minigames would be cool. Otherwise, it's still really good!
You've done the near impossible, you've made a game with similar controls to the original one you did, added a little more challenge with 6 new robots to deal with, made one need to be focused on like foxy on Fnaf 1 only with a music box.  If you're doing a third five nights, I'd love to get a chance to play more than one night on the demo...as well as it happening in general... Especially if you make it even harder than this one.
How about "continue" button for private games so we don't have to enter a new code after every game?  MOAR CARDS...
I love playing exploding kittens (the card game) with my friends, and the app doesn't disappoint. I like the option to play with friends or strangers. I wish you could use card combinations like in the card game.
Not good without the Nope cards. Fortunately I only wasted $2 on it.
It's missing a local multiplayer!?! THE ONLY REASON I EVEN BOUGHT THIS GAME!!! So I'm basically still waiting to play it, and I really enjoyed the real card game.
Love it! It is as fun as the actual physical card game. You guys really need to add Facebook support or Google play support to make it easier to invite other friends.
Bought the game but unable to play a single game. Says matchmaking is not working.
0% Buyer's remorse. Love it!
Loved the game just wished you didn't have to pay for the extra decks or the game was free and the decks still were behind a pay wall so I could play with more friends
It's Exploding Kittens... but on your phone. If you are a fan, get it.
You guys need to refund everyone their money for this game because it doesn't open it keeps force closing with an message and $7 is a lot for a game that dont work or let you have children when The Sims Freeplay is free and you have that plus more. Let's do some adjustments to keep a good imagine at least. I love the sims but you guys are ruining the fun all for the money .
This game sucks whats the point of Sims 3 if you can't have children, simulations are supposed to consult real life events. And the graphics suck nothing like the PC game at all either the game needs a major update or I'm out.
If the people who made this are actually listening to these comments, do a update where it will really be a good app\game (no offense)  cause i bet then it will have more people downloading it. Right now it is worthy of a one star unfortunately. In the state it is i would make it a free app.
I played the PC Sims game series by EA, Andi loved them. Now I do t have a computer, but I still wanted to play it, so I downloaded the app :3 my only problem is that there is no fast forward button. In the PC versions, there is a pause button, and fast forward buttons of varying speeds. I miss my fast forward buttons :( also, the graphics suck.
I love the game but it keeps freezing black screens when I try to load the game or the map and stuff. :/ and if I'm able to get to town every time I come from work my Sim dies because its ego gets to big?? I also can't socialize because every time I leave my house it freezes black like I said before.if this is fixed I will definitely give 5 star rating
I would love to give this game more stars but their was very little effort put into this game.  You can only go in like 8 houses you cant start a family you cant build a house. This app also is crashing andbim playing from a galaxy tablet.
Installed it and it worked fine for the first day or two. Now it doesn't work at all because every time I try to open it I'm getting the error that nearly everyone else seems to be getting! I rarely pay for apps, and I won't ever get another app through you guys if this isn't somehow resolved, which doesn't look promising! Thanks for screwing over yet another customer! Good work!
The only thing that makes it better than the free one is the normal Sims time. If you played even the low content PS3 or Xbox versions you can agree that this is trash. How can the game you pay real money for be more underwhelming and bad than it's FREE version? The free version even has better graphics. This is a huge rip-off!
Should have paid attention to the reviews, this is boring. I HAVE NEVER PAID FOR AN APP AND BEEN THIS DISIPOINTED BEFORE. I have played the computer, and game console versions of sims and never had this experience of extreme bordom. I guess I was only paying for the option to play offline so I don't have to waste any money for data playing this game.
As another review pointed out, the effects of many decisions make no sense. They feel random and capricious at times. Still, the game is beautiful and amusing and pretty addictive. It keeps you wanting to see what unfortunate fate awaits each new king.
Just like the price of this game everything in this game comes at a price, you a King with a curse, but that's not even the important part you have to govern a kingdom and not get murdered but it's ok you go through bodies like people go throw tissues in allergy season. Figure it out govern long and die peacefully it's not that hard once you get the hang of it. Also Secrets lots of them.
I do kind of wish there were more hints in game of how to get the achievements, or a way to track if I've said yes or no to a certain card before, but it is a pretty fun, funny game.
Who would've thought a game of just swiping left or right would be so good. I love the design of the game and the way everytging ties together. Also when I bought it I thought it would just be a time killer for car rides and such, but I am sitting here right now after playing this game for hours. So addicting. I love it.
Talked to a dog. Died in a dungeon. Victim of a military coup. Overthrown by the people. Ate weird mushrooms. Exiled. Conquered by enemy troops. Lost throne to my wife. Went insane. Killed by plague. Peasant uprising. 10/10 would rule again.
So far the game is awesome to pass time plus makes you think hard. With that said i know the game just released but please release more content for it! Get repetitive after awhile
Run your kingdom through time, balancing the strength of you church, people, army, and treasury to stay in power as long as possible. Very fun, very quick, pick up n play. Simple mechanic with lots of ramifications, super elegantly designed. Some choices get samey after playing for awhile, but the strings of choices make each reign unique.
This is nearly as good as the pc edition. Very fun. The only problem is that there are no shadows. Also the first level appears to have a small glitch when trying to raise the water levels, but it eventually gave me a hint: Switch to Robin while Batman looks through the x-ray wall and turn the valve. Over all, very good, but the pc is MUCH. BETTER.
I love this game! As a huge DC fan I really enjoy all the characters and little easter eggs in the game. The story was very fun and original and I loved it. Gameplay is pretty good. Sometimes character switch glitches and locks up but when I leave the area it works again. Flight controls are a little lose but you get used to them. In short, despite some minor control bugs I really enjoy this game and highly recommend it to fans of DC, Batman, or Lego.
Can someone help me, on sewer interchange I don't have Robins hazard suit...  I have it at end of first level then it's gone.  Can't find it to pick up anywhere.  Watched a you tube video and that person just has it.  Any help would be great before I delete the game,  thanks
I bought the game yesterday and was really looking forward to playing it. As of now, it won't work. It says "looking for resources to download". I know my phone can handle the game. I bought Oddworld:Strangers Wrath and it runs amazing at full graphics and speed with NO lag. I REALLY want to play this game, HELP please.
There's just so many characters to choose from. I'm not sure if this is identical to the console games but it's sure as hell entertaining. Just don't expect to have a cool free roam like the marvel console games but do expect to see your favorite heroes making jokes about themselves that the fans would know about.
I don't know why I expected electronic arts to be able to produce a complete game experience. I only purchased this monopoly game because I have a friend who owns the iOS version of the exact same game, except the iOS version has a WiFi/Bluetooth multiplayer aspect that the Android version does not have. Thank you once again for completely ripping me off this is like Battlefield 4 all over again...
The game we know and love, cheats like crazy.  I can own 3/4 of the board with houses/hotels on everything, and still lose because the computer will never land on my properties.  And I'll never land on Boardwalk, unless the computer owns it and has a hotel on it (bye bye $2,000)  I digress...
You can create your own money when passing go. Takes along time to win the game or not. I have lost a couple of times but won some too. Easy to trade too depends on what level you put it on. It's like playing the real board game. Play it ever day. Choose this one then any of the other apps. You will not regret it. Rento app is no good.
Ive been hooked on this game for awhile. I have a strategy.  It always seems to work. More often than not I usually win and can do so around thirty minutes into the game. Im curious what the highest amount of money anyone has ever gotten to was. I got to $10,200. The computer changed it to 10.2k. I love the game but wish you could play online with other people
Game froze during the game and I was winning with only one other player left. Shouldn't happen when you pay money for it. Also thought you would be able to play with other online players. That alone would bump it up to 4 stars. Don't regret that I bought it but it could be better....
Got the game less than a year ago and then when I got my new phone a few months later the game would not work on the new phone. Come on EA you buy the rights to make the game then you should make sure it works on newer phones. Or better yet, take your hand out of your butt and lick it for you know the taste you leave in your customers mouths.
I love this game. My only issue is with the House Rules page. None of the options are available to choose from.... Everyone knows that "Luxury Tax" and all other fines and taxes are usually placed under "Free Parking". Other than that, it's pretty close to playing the actual game.....Just look into fixing that issue and this app would be phenomenal :)
The game could include all game plays: Monopoly JR, Monopoly Classic, and Monopoly World Edition. All with custom rules or house rules. Let us customize the board with our own pictures if we like. There could be in app purchases with new tokens and different board editions: like  nightmare before Christmas collector's edition. And please there must be online game play. Not WiFi or Bluetooth, you could still include that but I never have been able to use it. Online play is more ideal. That game I would rate 6 stars if I could, please make a new mobile Monopoly Game.
I have an ipega (PG-9023) controller here... But the problem is, the controller won't work because the game does not support a controller... The game was good nice graphics and im happy that you have an update and fixed the commentator sounds... But if you supported it with BT controller i would be so happy and rate it with 5 stars...
Only difference is career mode. Game play is exact same copy paste. Season mode is still terrible cause you can't advance to another season and draft auto generated rookies. You guys should add a mygm mode that would make this game so much better. No commentary and ok graphics on android. Even when you get an excellent release and A+ wide open, you still can't score. pls fix that. help defense, p/r, and spacing are broken
Great game for android but needs a lot of improvement. Controls are difficult why not copy nba live set up it would be much easier to play. Sound are the worst. Commentator seems to stop speaking at times and the worst of all you cannot hear the shot lock going down which affects your chances to winning games.
Although the game comes at a hefty price, I managed to snag it for $3. In my opinion it is definitely worth $3. I know the graphics aren't as good as the iPhone, but the game play is still good. Don't buy it when it is $8 bc it isn't worth it then. So if you are a 2k fan then buy this game, it is a very fun time killer with features like blacktop and my career.
The game is great for 8 bucks best 1 yet if you. Want console.graphics console gameplay sounds like you need a console because it takes a lot of money to do the things you want..  By the way Live sucks no comparison thats why its free
First of all, I want to address that this game is a great game to play, but there are many things I want to add so it could be better. I really want the season mode to have multiple seasons just like the console. Adding on, the season mode can allow trade, so it makes the game more addictive. The other part I want to address was the my career mode, I really want make the time 12 minutes, so it can be more realistic and "NBA" feel. Lastly this game should add my park just like the console version.
Great game, much better than previous versions. but commentary is lacking; it keeps cutting off. It would be nice if you can add Google cloud save. I don't know why devs don't do this it sucks if you reset your phone or switch a device you have to start over.
Had no issues before now it won't load at all.  Note 4.  Only game on my phone that I have an issue with.  When are you going to release another update to fix it???  This is the only game on my phone that doesn't work.  Annoyed
I had no problems with it on my S4 or my Tab 3 but the Tab 3 isn't compatible but I had a lot of problems from Lego games on Nexus 7 I switched it and then got a Tab 3 and then an S4 Nexus it just isn't compatible it's none of the Nexus is are but Samsung apple and stuff like that are compatible this is for Daniel black but it's just been funny to me it's a really great game.
I'm playing it on my galaxy s6, and I have no problems. I love it. It's basically like the old lego Batman ds game, which is incredibly high praise!
I like this game, but please add more features, like when you destroy an object the coins should be follow me, its like magnetic, like lego movie video game, and add more features please....
Love this game graphics are awesome story is awesome but I can't figure out how to purchase other characters. Please somebody help me thanks
I don't know why everybody's giving negative reviews, it's a very good game! Playing it on Android.
I Love Justice League! A Great Game For All Ages. Graphics & Sounds Are Amazing. Highly Recommended It. 😊😉👍
It is so awesome because it probably has a free roam in the city and I liked if so much.
Without even pass thru the game screen, the app crashed. Launch the second time, windows prompt to close apps. Its unplayable. My phone is LG G5, android nougat 7.0. Used to work well in marshmallow though. Hope dev team will fix this.
Can't play it, needs to be updated to modern phones.
Thank you! The game is awesome!
One of my favourite games I've downloaded for mobile so far. It made me laugh but also made me think. Amazing visuals, really cute characters, lots of quirky hidden features. I just wish it had been longer! Although I did binge-play it in a weekend, I couldn't put it down!
It's like Casino to Machinarium's Goodfellas. Not quite as good, but damn close. 5 stars all the way. Don't know what the glitch fuss is about, it ran like a clock on my $100 ZTE roach of a phone....PS to Amanita - please make more than one game every 4 years, you guys kick wholesale ass.
After the logo screen, when I click on part 1 to play it gets black screen. I can see social media icons, I can see developers page too. I can still see the wood texture on right and left of the screen. Everything between them turns black, the music though is still on. Please help. I spent money on it and its not working on my note4.
Really want to try this game. Downloaded it for 6 bucks and all I get is a black screen right after the developer logo. Using a note 5. Looks like a game I would love to give 5 stars to, but it doesn't work .
No explanation or directions. Like I'm just supposed to guess the game mechanics? What's bad and good, what's the goal to accomplish? Jeez give me something to go on instead of just throwing me into a game with not the slightest clue.
I payed for this game and I haven't been able to play because your servers are down, please bring them up so I can give a better review. Sincerely, Upset customer
Please add a fire button, reloading while sprinting, and do some testing with the Samsung galaxy S7 so you can fix the bugs I'm experiencing.
I would give  5 stars but there's 1 thing you could make better.You should add holding the shooting button instead of repeatedly tapping it. Other then that a great game
You guys are great I love this and the only thing I dknt like is if u wanna play multiplayer its only people around u I mean I like the local wifi one but the online with people only around u it should be just u pick a map and find a room of people join it and u play or u join next round if their killing or in the middle of a round but anywAys love the game and keep up the great work and also on the directors map the director that chases u is glitched I can use a shotgun on Him and he won't die plzs fix
I think its okay, there just needs to be more maps like moon because 4 maps is not enough tbh. There is also a problem with online multiplayer, it sometimes kicks me out of the game and most of the time it does not work. Also I think you could improve the graphics because mobile devices now can stand a little bit more. Other than that the controls are good and that type of stuff. Oh ya you guys could add more weapons. I will add 5 stars if you try to fix these problems/issues.
If you go to throw a frag and accidently double tap u will continue to cook it and not be able to throw it, all though it's a timing thing it's a easy mistake to make plus we need way more optimisation other then that solid game even the moon rocks was on kino not worth 10 to any one other then a zombie enthusiast tho, they deleted the original map not happy at all
I hope you can add more things in this game on future update like new mode , new guns and i will be happy if you do something like join friend game using their portable hospot.....i don't have wifi at home i really  want to play this game with my brother......and i have lots of idea how to improve this game
When I installed the game to my LGv10 the title page and loading screens have sound but it is absent on the actual game play. I've installed and reinstalled the game with the same effect. Please fix this problem because I really enjoy COD
If you try and play with other people then it might kick you out of the game, say searching for host, or error joining lobby, or if you're really lucky you'll be able to play a match, yeah good luck with that.
Hasn't had more content added since before I got it, months ago. Hate the auto acceleration, needs free roam and more cars. Could also use more customisation. This game has really great graphics etc and has the potential to become the best android car game, but without those features that the pc one DOES have, even though mobile isn't as good, it still needs them, it isn't. Especially needs manual acceleration.
Love it. Would like it if you could tap on icons to see how many kids, loans and other details. Graphics are amazing!
The game is okay and fun to play but lost interest after awhile.
The game of crash.
Good fun wish it were cheaper
Bought the game and played awhile. Just reopened after about a month, now it's in a different language, can't play now
This is an excellent version of the Game of Life. The game play was amazing and the graphics are incredible.
I think that the game of life is pretty fun if you ask me.
Me and my 3 daughters have a blast playing. Great family game.
Loveeee this game!
I love it so much and it's so funny.and every time i hav a problem i like 2 punch it. I would like u to add somthing thou. could u make it so u can drive cars,planes,and bikes,and add 1 more map plz.make ith the goatville forest map.
SO FUN! I CRY BECAUSE ITS SO FUNNY!      Live,Love,AND BE A GOAT ♥♡★☆
Best waste of time in betweens. No rush,  just fun.  Baaaaaa
Overall, I think that this was a great game and everyone should download it
The game did not give free level 😠
I now scare my friends when i play this game LOL
The game is so good, I cracked my phone trying to play!
altho i cant install i'v played it at my friends house and i loved it
Control : little hard but that an than pc easier
This is amazing but just a question.... can you add the wrestler goat
I think its good i love how you can be tame but for game suggestions i have...  Unlimit polar bear simulater Unlimit dog simulater Unlimit human simulater where you can start a kid then go to when you date,get married,have babies and continue future genertions
It is a great game but some problems...I find it gets kinda boring as there is not much to do and this is only minor but the sprint animation looks a little strange. Anyway it is a fantastic game. One of the best so far ^-^
YES, FINALLY, I'VE WAITED SO LONG FOR THIS, I LOVE IT.. THE GRAPHICS, AUDIO, EVERYTHING! Now I'm just waiting for Ultimate Stray Dog Sim. Oh and my only complaint is it gets really lagy, which is a problem a lot of your games seem to have. Oh and the night and day cycle is too fast, plz slow it down OR better idea, make it so u can change it yourself, like go to sleep if u wanna change it. Other than that, best game ever. 💜💙💛❤
Best cat sim out there right now. There are a few bugs that will hopefully get fixed, but overall it is good fun and I love the cat car!
I enjoy this a lot, as all of your games. But I do find it silly that you can't get rid of your starter cat, especially when you're trying to make the game a bit more challenging with death and such. It's hard when you can't get rid of your starter.
This is great! I love playing tame! You know what you should do? You should choose if you want to be wild or tame. I have some game suggestions: ultimate fly sim, ultimate insect sim, ultimate scorpion/turanchula sim and maybe you can improve ultimate dinosaur simulator because I really wish you could play as dilophosaurus or allosaurus or parasaurolaphus in ultimate dinosaur simulator. Please make these games and improvements. Oh, and one more game suggestion: ultimate snake simulator.
I love this game it's so cool too be tame and on the streets and wild i want you too make some games I'll name them. I want ultimate dog simulator ultimate polar bear simulator I want ultimate bear simulator and ultimate human simulator make them all like ultimate cat simulator please. I love your games Thanks who made this game😀😀😀
Its so cool I loved it it I used to get kicked out every time I played a uptime simurlater Make a uptime dog simurlater plzz I will get it and play it
I love it!!!! But I would also love ultimate dog sim and human sim but still keep human sim PG. And in ultimate dog sim I would like to be tamed and a dog park plus dog walks and a family of owners.
I played this on my Nexus 7 (2013) and it worked perfectly. Very good game and nice tweak on the console version. But i cannot get it to download and install on my new Pixel phone. Either via WiFi or mobile data. Very frustrating.
It crashes on startup on my Nvidia Shield tablet. Years 5-7 work perfectly fine but this one will not start. I was rooted and was told by WB Games support that because of being rooted they could not help. So I have unrooted my tablet only to find the same results. I paid for an app that I can not play. If the Dev would like to fix this issue that I see others are also having then I will go and change my rating. But for now it gets one star.
Idk if its a glitch or what but very frustrating it will not let me put 2nd ingredient into cauldron... I can't get any further in the game... I paid for this or I wouldn't be complaining... If someone can help itd be greatly appreciated... If it gets fixed I will rate 5 stars
I use a moto g, and the resolution/screen size / aspect ratio means the screen doesn't fit into my phone's screen, could you fix this please? Otherwise great game, well done :)
Optimized poorly. Controls are just decent enough to get through all the levels, but they still are really bad controls. Compared to other lego games, this one is boring. It's mostly very easy puzzles.
Not only can u not use a controller, trying to go back and replay is too much of a pain to bother with.  Trying to select a specific chapter, is impossible.  If u select the wrong one, is it easy to go back?  Nope!  It places u quite a ways away, and u gotta walk back and try it again.  What were the developers thinking?!?!?
Its hard to know what to do. Im stuck at finding lees megaphone and I dont have a clue what to do. It dosent give you a clue. But other than that its great.
Unlike so many others, I don't mind the letterboxing on my 7" screen, though I can imagine it wouldn't be ideal on smaller devices. The virtual D-pad works nicely, though it can be hard to find sometimes. Only complaint is there's no way to properly exit the game without using my tablet's soft home button & closing the game via the task manager. Overall it's very nice to get some real games on my Android device, as opposed to the countless themed match-3 or infinite runner clones clogging the Play Store.
To begin i bought almost every map and i have to say that those maps are realy detailed. You can choose between two difficulities. Those are normal and realistic. When you choose realistic it feels almost like its real. Only problem is that there are no official grip skins. I would like to see grizzly or shake junt grips in game, but thats just detail. Overall this game is worth buying. Iam giving this Four stars because there are bugs and it costs really lot of money.
This is the best skating simulator I've seen on a phone. The controls might be a little tricky at first but mastering them and getting combos to grind points to customise is great! You can play your music in the background too. My only complaint would be that the game demands too much points and charges you for new maps and other features.
Amazing game that just can't seem to get its account feature working. There are two ways to purchase things in game. With real money or TrueCredits. Only problem is your credits routinely disappear. Its a good game though, after all I continue to play knowing everything I earn will vanish next week.
True skate is a new reality-based  skateapp. Great quality graphics are top notch and everything else is cool. New maps and boards. Just 1 problem. When going to video the replay, the game crashes!! I got one of the tricks down for The Santa Cruz Challenge lll  and went to record it and it shut down. I have paid 2 bucks for this and I would really like to see the in app purchases  for maps be free or worth Credits! Love you guys.
I used to love this game so much! It is such a great game. The physics are good, the graphics are even better. Up until about 2 months ago, I loved this game and would play it everyday. But then, one day (it was after a hurricane, but I don't think that matters) and all my data and true credits (the currency for the game) had been reset. This really dissapointed me, because it was such a good game and I was really close to having enough credits to customize my board.
All in all it was a grate game, nice graphics definitely one of the best skate board games out there for mobile. The only problem i had was I purchased the unlimited costomazation   for the skate board which costed 4.99 Wich I didn't think was worth it for what it gave. I was wondering if I could get a refund.
This game is pretty fun, good to play to relax and zone out. It's got a lot of potential but weird bugs like the game not registering tricks, or even the game thinking a nose grab is a tail grab is weird. The points you earn in game really should be able to buy at least a few parks. I paid for this game, but what it gives you really isn't a full experience.
Absolute brilliance!!! Fair enough the scenery can become somewhat repetitive, but, it's still an epic game in terms of graphics detail and comical kills...it's fun! To the dev, i salute you, this game would beat the s*#t  out of any other sniper game if a VR version was released!
Need more levels. And more targets. It gets boring too easily. Reload button should not be close to fire. Mistaken it a lot of times. Also i have experienced that sometimes, i dont know how, but a target dies without me doing so. Then i checked my bullet, it did fire, but that was unintentional. I did not fire killing the target in front of the guards. Geeez! A lot of times it happened to me.
Pls add another landscape. I really boring when everytime i played the game.. 1 more, add new feature for saving video from gameplay after playing. So i can save, play in galery & share to another socmed. Good work for Square Enix (/^-^)/
I've spent so much time playing this. Very difficult but builds with the challenge to keep you playing. One of my favorite android games I've found. Graphics are amazing. What's not to love about hitman sniper?
Two words to sum up the entire game : ABSOLUTELY ENCHANTING!  The game sure lives up to its legacy. The graphics have left me awestruck, so have the controls that are silky smooth. And the gameplay on offer is surprisingly immersive. A sniper-shooter must have. However, I'd like to request the Hitman: Sniper team to come out with more levels at new destinations asap cause it would be a waste to be stuck in one level, in a game that is the very definition of gaming precision and perfection!
This is a great mobile game. It can be a little repetitive but the individual challenges that come with each mission keep it fresh   Only problem is a bug which means that I can't complete any missions that involve explosive kills. No matter how many explosive kills I complete it fails to recognise them, meaning I can't pass the mission
Nice shooter. Fun to work out the routines of targets - a few "if this then" scenarios. If u kill a certain target another one might not be where u normally expect. After finishing all missions u are stuck on the Marcus Krug mission. Should have an option to replay all missions from start without having to delete data and starting again. Updated weapons need Facebook and leaderboard to upgrade so useless if you don't have facebook. Zombie update makes a new game. But u can't use yr rifles from the original game.
Game crashes constantly. Unplayable. Asus ZenPad 3s 10. More than enough hardware specs to run this game. Please help solve this issue or return my money.
What the hell, I paid my money for this game. I didn't like it so I deleted it, where the hell is my refund?  I thought it would have a refund on the game. Considering everyone likes it. But this...?  I'm giving you a 1star for stealing my money. If you want it to change give me my refund.
This is the BEST game EVER,in my opinion! I Can go on and on how great this game is. I suggest you guys buy the full version,it's totally worth it. It will make your heart race,if u are in to that kind of stuff,Then by this game! I promise u you will fall in love with this Fnaf. All the thx to Scott Cothan to the AMAZING GAME!! (I think I spelled his last name wrong...SORRY!) But PLZ buy this game and support Scott! &gt;\\\\&lt;
This game is awesome. Who ever is planning to play this I would get it. It worth playing. Now the thing you should add is a pause button. That my only request scott, Happy New Years.this game is so hard especially,  the fifth and sixth night  if you a agree then tell me. What do you think I should do for the sixth night. Is there a place we can see you play the game?
Fine game, as good as the PC version, but there's a game breaking bug I got in night 2, well, a couple of bugs actually. It happens usually around 3am, and what happens is that either the screen freezes, or the flashlight and/or the vent light buttons won't work, or they'll turn off all other lights, while still not illuminating what they're supposed to.
I can't beat night 2 because balloon boy is making Foxy wanna jumpscare me! And it's hard and scary. But Harder than FNAF and FNAF3! Make it easier! Thank you! My First FNAF Game ever played in play store was fnaf2 demo! Too Hard! Too Scary! But in night 1 ONLY the 3 toy animatronics jumpscares you!
Amazing game, I think that this game is really good. It is hard but not too hard so good enough to play! Some people say that it is too hard but they may not know how to play. here is a guide:  Foxy: Affected by flashlight not harmed by mask. Mangle: Mask not flashlight will sneak behind you before jumpscare. Puppet/Marionette: Only affected by music box, you will hear his tune as he comes for you. Balloon Boy: Affected by mask not flashlight, drains flashlight power. You will hear him say 'Hi' as he comes
I'm on night 6 since a while and I can't beat it! ^_^ It's pretty scary with Golden Freddy randomly appears in the room and then disappears! ^_^ The FNaF game series is my ultimate favorite horror game ever! ^_^ Scott, you're so amazing at making these games! They're better than any game I ever played! So realistic and the graphics are so freaking awesome! ^_^ Keep it up man! :3
Pretty much loved  it! good work scott!! however night 6 is way harder than it needs to be but keep it like that if you want! and also can you make golden freddy not able to get you while your on the camera? and a bug is that sometimes old freddy and old chica can get you when they dont come in the room, could you fix that please?
Fnaf 1,2,3,and 4 are all the best I already have two and three but I just need one and four there are one of the greatest games I've ever played you should get this full version even though it's money you should still get it. But the demo is free but the demo sucks cuz it just repeats night 1. Thank you Scott cawthon you made a great game and I really admire it I hope you are reading this.
The gta series has gone far but not go much on mobile please make gta liberty city stories and vice city stories for android and not just apple. Takes time to download and baggy but I just turn down the render distance and stuff and it works just fine for me hope it works out for the rest of you and the about the size difference it went from 2.4 gigabytes to 1.8 really helped keep up he good work rock star.
I came back to this game after a while and I still love it.
I have been a fan of the Oatmeal for a while and this game is a perfect exstension of that.  The game play is great and easy to learn.  The graphics are pure Oatmeal and keep the game fun. I saw... AWESOME!
Great way to pass the time, but there should be a single player mode, an offline mode, more similar to the card game if possible, and an incentive to actually play.
Dank game wish I could get the board game though
Good, but needs a reconnect feature and a limit on nagging, so you can only nag someone once per turn.
Tries to gouge with in app transactions but which app doesn't?
Great game but doesn't seem to run very efficiently as it kills battery very fast and heats up my phone
Superfun stress relief. Boom kitty boom
I love making new friends with my sims and I can name a few I made one game so if you see a sim named Sammy go check him out he's awesome and has a job, for fifth graders like me this game is amazing you can interact with so many sims I love it! And don't forget the graphics it looks amazing!😄😄😄
I honestly love the game but I think it should be more like the computer version with size mods and more. If you could come out with an update that would be great.:) p.s. I want the phone version updated. I would also like my money back if bugs such as auto shutdown or lagging is not fixed
This game follows through with the original Sims, you have to get so far in it before you can do other things like start a family just like in freeplay, overall its a great game but don't expect it to be like freeplay bc they are supposed to be different for they are two different games. So enjoy it for what it is. Needs to fix the automatic zoom, its pretty annoying, I am constantly zooming out.
Barely works. Controls are not very touch responsive. Overall it is absolutely nothing like the Sims 3 you've become use to. Think of The Sims 1 but far more buggy and way way less features. Or think of it like The Sims 4 a failure ingeneral worse than the first installment
And great for 6. Loads of stuff to do, maybe not like a full fledged Sims game but no IAP, fully offline, and just plain fun. People complain, but there is no reason. TONS of content, just not ALL content...its mobile, no IAP, and offline. If you want the full experience on mobile get freeplay, complete with freemium business model
I mean I can get on it... But here is the down part No babies and not enough things to do as in Sims 2,Sims 3 Computer,Sims 4,Sims free play!! All you can do is live eat sleep walk around date and marry work at a job and explore a tiny town but here is the big deal is .that there is NO REFUND!! It is still fun to play though... ._.
This game is not worth $6.99 or whatever it was, it is worth \FREE!!!/ You would think that it would at least be able to build another house, or go to someone's house without them thinking you are being creepy; and most of all, you would think you would be able to do facial features your not even allowed to?! What kind of Sims is this? What I wan trying to say is that this game is a rip off!! Don't waste your money!!
I love it so addicting!! But night 3 to 5 are super hard cabay I saw your review and I can totally relate! But it turns out that Is a part of the game! The animitronics hack into the wiring! My solution has been hold up the camera tablet to your face in the game and wait until they go away and you see them in the cameras. Does not always work but I think it will help. If not go on YouTube to see how to prevent would be what I would do. Thanks Scott cawthon for this game and the second I love them both.
Reigns seems fun at first, but your progression relies on drawing the random cards you need to complete quests. Each quest you complete adds more cards to the deck, so you end up wasting increasingly large chunks of time waiting in vain for a single card. It's just a timesink with no payoff, not even worth it if the game was free.
Super addicting, very fun, great story and game play, all along with an original idea. My one problem is that I can never tell if it's saved my progress, so I'm not sure if I can close the app or not.
Only real complaint is at certain points the game asks you to rate it. I don't care for this. If I like an app, I'll rate it without being asked. But I deduct a star every time I'm asked to rate. If I get asked more than once I give a one star rating.
Don't usually like to buy games but this one is... Strangely worth it, and by that I mean there's not a ton of stuff going on visually... But it's addicting to see how long you'll live. Also known as Medieval Tinder
I've seen and heard people playing this and it looks fun. But for some reason when I try and load it up it's just stuck on the loading screen for ages please help really want to play this game.
Game says I have cyborgs big suit in the watchtower but I don't... I went in the dark room with robin and broke the box. Green check mark and no suit. Can't go any farther, I want my money back or fix the glitch
Keep updating the game it's awesome. I hope you can also add a new package with Flash Reverse and The Flash from the CW series along other characters.  And some advice to players who probably have sound problems, don't play this game along any other lego game at the same time like the Ninjago one, at least that solved my problem.
I haven't downloaded yet. I keep trying. This is the 3rd time I've tried. It keeps finishing the download but then says error whilst downloading (905). Does anyone know what this means and how to stop it?
This game doesn't work on my device,  please make an update for this game to function on my ZTE Grand X3, because I'm a devoted customer!         I loved all the Warner Brothers Lego games, but sadly this one that I paid for isn't working,  and can't it find resources to download on my phone!  Fix this issue please!
This by far the best game I've ever played on my phone. It let's you access lots of characters and the story and the humor it's amazing. Although there were some glitches that required me to start from the beginning of the level that was on. But overall . BEST GAME EVER 😍
Downloaded the game for my two little boys and the game crashes all the time. They have both got to the same point on the second level and now crashes every single time... Until this is sorted I would advise not to waste your time with this game... Big shame :-(
This game claims to support Android TV, but you can't actually play the game properly. The tutorial hints require you to touch the screen, which is simply not possible on my Nvidia Shield. Furthermore, this game is DESIGNED to be multiplayer but the devs didn't bother to enable it for mobile. So despite having two controllers plugged in to my Shield, I can't play this game with friends. Rubbish.
OPO comes with COS. Nevertheless"I am sorry, but if your device is rooted we are not able to provide any further support. Please note that none of our titles support devices which have been hacked, unlocked, or rooted. In order to provide any further support, we would need you to revert the device back to its default factory settings, and remove any custom OS that is installed on the device. Once this is done please provide us with screenshots showing the root has been removed, and we can assist further."
After playing Marvel's Universe In Peril I just had to buy this one, no regret here... It plays as good as it looks and it also has very smooth controls, that's in my Galaxy S4, tks for a great game developers. Anyways just keep up the good work...
Wow! I purchased this Monopoly because I Love the game. Board version, PC version, and Xbox 360. All the afore mentioned are fair. THIS AI CHEATS!!!  THE AI rolls endless doubles. The AI skips over your built up property's while forcing the player to land on AI Hotels EVERY TIME!  Finally beat the game because AI couldn't avoid both my trains and hotels, AI made stupid deals with other AI and me. Still 7x around in a row avoiding my hotels on half the board.
I agree with what everyone else is saying. Somehow the AI never lands on your properties. I can have 2 full side bought and they miss them every time. But yet,  I land on their Boardwalk or Marvin Gardens every single time. Very stressing. Even on very easy there is basically no chance of winning.
Do not buy this game unless you want to waste your money. The cpu cheats and you get destroyed. I'm on the easiest difficulty and I own half the board but the cpu somehow doesn't land on any of my properties but I can land on his and pay thousands of dollars. You literally have a better chance of becoming the next pope than the computer landing on your hotels.
Many months ago my phone did an update and now Monopoly is not compatible with my device. Since then my phone had a 2nd update. Still no Monopoly compatibility. What's the point of paying for an app if it's not going to work?  I thought EA was better than that. Took my money and now nothing.  I used to play it all the time.
On the easiest difficulty I somehow hit Boardwalk every turn, but the computer sneaks by my hotels on the entire left section of the board for 5+ turns in a row? The game can be random and still fun. I'm not sure why EA deems it necessary to favor the AI as it doesn't increase difficulty if there is no way to strategize to win. Common sense.
Have on GS5. Originally gave 4 stars. Pros: Fun the first two times I played, modern graphics, in house rules, and fair dice. The cons: Primary poor AI. They hand you a monopoly with the trade function. Not even fun after you learn their patterns. 2nd is no online multiplayer. My recommendation,  add online and I'll change my rating.
I love the nba and for 2 years I have been wanting game like this but u miss green releases and start at a bad overall like 41. This game needs some work a lot and you also miss easy layups. The thing I don't like is that it's so hard even rookie mode.
Got this last night for my Lil cousin and he doesn't play it so I thought I'd get a refund in the morning when he came over to my house, but when I got up I can't get a refund anymore, WTF, I thought the policy was 24 hours I guess not that's so BS. As for review purposes the no audio is terrible, graphics are not great impossible to play defense of implement a legit offensive effort, and there is no form of multiplayer which is f'n crap. The gameplay is just so slow. Would Recommend NBA live Mobile over 2k
When I open the app it says that unfortunately this app had stopped. And I know that it's not my phone because my phone is new. This is a new phone. I'll got get it checked out but I bet the real problem is the game. I either want a refund or I want the game to work. I'm happy with either of those options.
The update worked as far as the commentary, that's a plus. I see the portraits, that's cool. But I'm still unable to play my career mode. I will finish my first game in college and get drafted. Then it crashes every time at the exact same time. Then the game I just played isn't saved. This is the only problem I'm having with this game.I have a Alcatel Android phone If that can help u. If this problem can not be fixed I would like to have my 7.99 refunded, because I can't truly enjoy the game.Til it's fixed
HOPE EA SPORTS WOULD HAVE THE TIME TO READ ALL THE COMMENTS RE THEIR GAME, WHAT THEY CAN DO TO MAKE THE GAME A LOT BETTER, CAUSE PRETTY SURE, EA SPORTS IS BETTER THAN THIS!!! BUT AS OF NOW, THE GAME IS LOUSY!!!
Please do not download it. I recently downloaded it using my Samsung s6, I was having a good time at first, but it started to hang, causing my phone to stop working at times(even force shutdown doesn't help). It even caused my phone to spoil and not work. What's worst was there wasn't even customer service number, for me to report the incident. Couldn't believe 2k is not doing anything to maintain high standard services even when the customers are paying for the app. 2K, Please work on this.
Only have problems with career mode I can't even finish my 1st game in college without it crashing and lagging.... Anyone know how to fix that?
There is a bug after each quarter, my controls doesn't fit the screen anymore which makes it unplayable. I can hardly press the shoot button because only a small portion of it can be seen. If you can't fix it, at least make the game controller compatible. The commentaries also suddenly stops. They can't finish their sentences. Please do fix it asap.
It is supre fun I got the game for  5 cents and I delete  the game so I can start over and ver again.
Everything was preeety good best game other than spiderman but not too shabby btw Happy New Year
I love it Kuz I beat the whole game and all characters and I gotta say that this game is AWESOME
In the game there's a part where you switch control to which it suits you  also a can switch to gamepad game is awsome
It's cool but can't u make it have some button.
Does not work. Can not even play it.
In the second missions I do not know how to get up the floor
It works for me but metro is hard lunatics suck
Omg it is ten times better than I expected it I love batman in it
This looked like an amusing game, and I'm sure it is, but I can't see any of the cut scenes. Uninstalling, restarting the device and reinstalling did not fix the problem.
The pros are that it has amazing graphics. And that is about where it ends. This game is incredibly vague. There are no instructions anywhere. No tips, no hints, nothing. I wish there were a demo version because then I would not have paid $4.99 for it. But that's where they get you. I have a feeling that if they had a demo version, they probably wouldn't make half of the money they have on this thing.
You click on stuff and hope something happens. I'm familiar with these games, but there was no rhyme or reason to anything. Maybe it got better but I'll never know.
My kids' tablets are running as restricted users, and this game does not work as a restricted user. It simply comes up with a black screen. Latest version of the app, and fails to work on lollipop and marshmallow. Works as owner, just not as user. Fail.  Update after "update" -- still fails. What's even more annoying, game-services are no longer optional and once has to back out of it manually.   Please refund the app. It has been unplayable.
Hey there. I loved Machinarium and wanted continue with this one. But after the intro video I end up in a fully white screen where I can do nothing. I tried uninstalling, restarting the device and re-installing. Didn't work...
I've tried uninstalling, restarting, and re-installing, and it just doesn't work. Galaxy S6. In a short, character-driven game, you need to see the cut scenes.
This is the only app that I've ever had a problem with,  my Nexus 7 2013 works fine. Already tried all the recommendations to correct the error 492 message but now it just fails silently, downloading 500mb, then restarts again with no error message
Really want to play this game on my Samsung S7 Edge, but it won't play it's cutscenes. The screen just goes black with the wood texture on the edge and music, even after reinstall.
The game won't let you play online unless you have game center but Android doesn't have Game Center it uses Google Play Activision please fix this I want to be able to play online edit: can play online now 5 stars!!! Amazing game! !! Good graphics really good port
This game is too laggy i was on round 43 I crashed cuz of this game. can you plz fix it. Or are you too lazy and cheap or effortless. But the game is good when it doesn't crash
The game SFX audio doesn't work. In the menu the music plays but there is no SFX audio and when I start a game there's no audio at all. Even after the most recent update, the audio is still messed up.
I love this game and play it often. I found that with the right strategy and learning how to drift effectively, you can reach 100% completion rather quickly. I have a couple suggestions and I know these are a lot to ask development wise  and also being that this is a moderately old game, so they aren't necessarily necessary but more things to consider. 1. A longer story mode with various difficulty levels 2. More profound vehicle customization (body kits, rims, more colours, permanent performance upgrades)
No gamepad support other than Moga. Unfortunately, I bought it on the web Play Store and only installed it later, too late for getting a refund. The game looks great, really, but I bought it to play on my Android gaming tablet (with a built-in gamepad) and this doesn't support either X360 or PS3 gamepads. I'm sure the game would be fun. But no gamepad support. This is backwards. Would get a refund if possible.
Super smooth, fun to play, and easy controls. It's really difficult to find a game like this in the play store. The best part it's only $4.99. You can get it cheaper when there is a sale, but the full price is worth it. I will rate this game 5 stars.
Wish you could go free for all where you go drive around the city. The way you can drive to events. Then if you do something wrong cops would chase you. And the city would have cool stuff to drive on. Wish there could be multiplayer too. Make this update and I'll rate five stars. I'll tell my friends to get this family. Which is about 30 people.
I own the PS vita version. (EPIC. With built in gamepad. And its "mobile", and has online)but. This game looked better. I didn't notice game needs 2gb. My phone doesn't have that much. You already got money from me. Plus I own other NFS games. Can I have my 1$ back? Please? Also. Make the PS vita ver. updated to look like this (graphics. Zonda r. Etc.) (I haven't even got past download screen so I only see what's in trailer and pics.) Oh. And by the look of all these reviews give them cloud/ online storage.
Best part of this game is, you can play it off-line! My only dislike about the game is that it does not connect with the PC version of the game. Great job E.A. I'll give it 5 stars if you add the "touch" controls found in No Limits.
Spent money (have receipts) to buy cash to spend and upgrade vehicles. Everything fine until I completed all races. Then the game reset itself to the beginning! What gives??? Steal money so consumers have to reinvest again from the beginning?? I want refund of money spent within game.
Used to have it on the PS, and its still fun to play. On SGS 5 it installs properly and it can be moved to SD. The difficulty is as expected. Cops indeed chase your car but that's the fun part. Controls offer multiple options, and if touch is difficult for you then get a controller. I'm really frustrated with some reviews here.
I LOVE IT. Its awesome i was never ever going to find a way how to get it for free but my dad got it for me and i love it but...make it so you can make you own things like on the Scribblenauts Unlimited on the computers so people can make there own things on the mobile version!So add the Object Editer
Fun, could use a facelift though! Some upgrades!?
This game is fantastic just wish it was a little longer
Needs stability improvements for 5 stars.
My kids and I love it!
Love it, so much fun!!!!
Good fun
Brilliant Game!
It's cool
Good enough
I loved it. It is amazing to collect your favorite characters from DC nation and the show itself. And the fact to battle them too is great. The only bad thing about it is that I see little glitches in the figures and I don't get many side activities because I think I used them all but please create more. But other than that, it's great and very creative. Side note: great graphics! 🤗
Whenever I try to go into the Cloud Saved World tab the game always force quits. I've tried undownloading and redownloading and I get the same results. I just went into the game and realized all my locally saved worlds were deleted. Similarly, a few days ago my only person was deleted and I thought someone else deleted it, but looking at other's comments it seems as if their characters were deleted too?? I'm about ready to just remove the game for good if this isn't fixed soon.
I originally played this game on PC, and I definitely prefer it on there. That aside, this is a great game and I would definitely recommend it to any new players or long-time FNAF fans. It has a great story and funny jokes, and it is a nice change of pace from the previous games while still being scary. The reason I only gave 4 stars was because I could tell right away that some of the content was cut from this version. But if you cant get the game on PC for whatever reason, this is worth the $2.99.
Its really good and recomend to pepole who want to do something funny as a time waster
I think the game is overpriced a little but beside that it's fun
Good but one problem it won't let me install the mods
I like it alot and it is very fun😀😀😀
Can you put in a flamingo that fly's plz plz plz😥😥😥
I love this game because it show you what a show you what a goat actually do
I FREAKING LOVEEEEE IT BAA AAAA BAAAA
I want a rufund
I love every thing but grapiks are low
Finally they came out with ultimate cat.Much better than the other cat one because you can be tame too
Okay but make it more realistic.Real cats can jump way higher and I have a game in mind ultimate dog sim. And make the mice slower please.  Please don't regret it. Oh and remove  all insents
Plz plz plz plz fix the Lagging. Also please make an Ultimate dog simulator
Omg amazing I love love love it if u saw my ultimate rabbit suggestion omg plz how I said u can be wild rabbit domestic house rabbit and hare like that but house rabbits get a few skin colours and plz make floppy ear bunnies and I have a grey floppy eared bunny called Dakota and a brindle pointy ear bunny called snowy🐰🐰🐇🐇I love rabbits for the hare u could be artic or normal hare. Thank you for reading this comment love you're games and I will be so over the moon! And again thank you for reading my comment! 💙💚💛💜
I can play the game because it crashes everytime I try and find a den
I think it's a great game but I don't know how to play tame.. Help?
I love the simplicity of it and that it is so similar to what I'm used to with the Xbox 360 version. I think that a glitch has developed, however as I have almost completed the game and now I suddenly can't cast Revilio anymore. Advice?
Finally bought this last night after weeks of wanting to due to a promotion through my carrier, very excited but learnt there is no mid level save the hard way. Ive got as far as Gringotts 5 times and had to stop for various reasons and been unable to save before quitting. A bit of a flaw for those who don't want to play for hours at a time. Really enjoying playing though, huge Harry fan!
Just bought it and so far years 5 and up works fine but this one crashes kinda wanna start first years before the rest
I was enjoying this until the spells stopped working, about 3/4 through the 1st story. I can't continue with the rest of the game. The option for a refund is gone, and I can't even play most of it.
Loved it but... when I got on to the forbidden forest bit I got stuck and it told me what to do, I looked everywhere but couldn't find it. Please make this easier on tablet
This game was my younger childhood but I only got up to year three because I was to dumb to beat this one level.
I would like to give a higher rating but it doesn't even start up on a Nexus 7
It doesn't take up the entire screen. It's like I'm running a port or emulator of a squared gamed on a wide screen
Edit: Issue resolved in update. Best game ever. ---But randomly about a week ago every time I try to do a grab trick the game crashes. Every single time. This is my favourite game. I've reinstalled it twice. I've been playing this for about a year and have bought almost all parks. Please look into this issue. :(
There are alot of people that play this just to see what its like to be a skater.  But there are also alot of skaters that play this and for all the skaters I think it would be amazing if you could add all of the following. ... Fs and bs grinds, lip slides, trucks and wheel customization, and different game modes
Hey guys been playing for about two years now i bought a handful of your maps, all of them at one point last one i bought was last year i believe. Anyway i got a new fone finally and none of the purchases got saved to the game but the playstore reads that i have already made these purchases. Who do i email about this?
I've been playing it daily for about 2 years but if you could please make a option. For no fall damage, no matter the height, if you land correctly. I feel it would be so much better because we're just playing as a skateboard. there's no one there to fall, so I think that would great option for the game.
The game is awesome, but is acting weird. The game often either goes to my phones home screen or opens a page that shows all the running apps. Please fix so I can skate a line in peace without having to go back to the app all over again!
I thought "$2 that's cheap" then you get into the game and you have to PAY for different skateparks/boards/wheels so the "free" one is over cluttered and DIFFICULT to NAVIGATE. Not sure if I can't find it but you're STUCK skating "regular" it seems a simple feature to make this game feel more like the GOOFY skater that I am. The game is cool at first but I quickly realized it was more about our money not skating
Grind detection is basically nonexistent. Ollie height is extremely difficult to control. Board catching is crap too. Very very much room for improvement. Also 1 free small map for a purchased app is absolutely pathetic. stop being money hungry programmers and make something the community can actually enjoy! 👎
Fun game, great graphics and game play. Gets a little repetitive after a while since the map is always the same, but the game does a good job of changing up the goals for each mission to keep it interesting.
Very good game. Fun and challenging although it could use some new locations so it doesn't get too repetitive. The slow loading time could use some improvement too. Still, it's worth the money.
This game is just like the pc version 1 map ssme people...after 100 or so maps it gets boring. However the zombie thing is a nice touch and change of scenery
Lots of fun. The only thing keeping me from giving it five stars is the lack of additional maps. Got a bit stale quickly but it's inventive!
I had to give everything a 1 star rating as I wasn't even able to play he game I bought this game and it just freezes on the installing screen once it reaches 100% fix this please as I was looking forward to playing this game and I don't usually pay for games at all.
Can u fix the way to shoot I don't like both of them sometimes I find myself shooting on acident also the zoom feature I would like to be better and if u can to move around the building like around it like Deer hunter but if u don't put that in I understand why
I quite honestly wasn't in it for the scares but in it for the great story and awesome game play. I feel that golden Freddy is a bit op but even that doesn't damper the great luster that this game has. I've been playing no non stop and I'm on night seven but like I said golden Freddy is very op. Also one thing that angers me is the fact that you can't see what A I the animitronics are at on the selection screen of night seven. But over all this is a great game series in a whole and I can't wait for number 3 .... Scott 😐
This so much fun! Even though you have to play/survive for 3 more minutes its amazing and a good time waster. This is possibly the best game I have ever played in my life. I have played a ton of horror games as well and this is the best! Plus this a pre-sequal game so there will be a third game and I'm soooo exited! But one problem I taped on new game by an accident and I almost beat the hole game. Can you make it so you press and hold for it to reset it
In my opinion, best mobile game ever!!!  It's fun and always keeps me playing.  I have beaten everything except 10/20 mode.  If u enjoy simple (gameplay) yet fun horror games then u will like this.  Just one thing, please add in some of the things from pc version like Mangle's radio signal.
This is the best game I've ever played! If someone has problems with it then they dont know Fnaf from the start! The first is still my favorite and this is starting to grow on me! Scott,I was also wondering if your gonna make a 3rd Five Nights At Freddy's! I would LOVE to play that! Thank you for making these awesome games for everyone!
If you love horror and you like strategy then this game is perfect for you. This game is literally a game changer. I have never played a better app on my phone than these games. I am beyond stoked for the 3rd game. Your a night security guard at a Chucky Cheese type place called Freddy Fazbears Pizzeria. What could go wrong?
This game is amazing, the hidden lore is really interesting and and i hope one day we fans will get a conclusion if there are still questions at the end, Scott you are an amazing developer, i have never gotten a story this detailed and dark in a game series and you know what gamers want from games and what makes games fun and i hope you succeed well in your future games, plus i finally beat fnaf on 20/20/20/20 mode keep it up, and hopefully you don't get too tired with this game series keep it up
As I say, this is an amazing game and I'm really into it. It's scary, a good type of hard, and I think I lost all of my skin after a couple of hours of playing. However, I've noticed that the animation is missing for Toy Bonnie, so I don't really know when to take my mask off. Mangle doesn't appear in my office, so I can't really get past any nights with him in my office. Also, some other animatronics are missing. Finally, I think Mangle's radio should be added so at least I know when he's there. Thanks.
I love the game more than any other horror game. I'm waiting for the 3rd to come along because I can imagain how scary the next is going to be. The art style fits it perfect and I just genrally love it. I've watched the best youtubers play it and it is hilarious how scared they get and their reactions with it. Therfore this game gets an easy 5/5.
Please put five nights at freddy's 3 on google play I have to play it please scott I beg you im your bigest fan bigger than the one in the office please! I love scary games and five nights at freddy's 1 & 2 have bought me to this spot please don't let me down scott and I will play it untill custom night please do it for your fans!! From Thomas your biggest fan
Playing on LG G3... Runs perfectly.  Since its original release in 2004, ive wanted to be able to play this game anywhere in the world.  Not only can i do just that,  but the graphics are at least 5x better than the PS2 version.  Only thing i ask is a more refined shooting system with more accurate free aim,  otherwise its perfect! Now lets try a Red Dead Redemption or GTA V mobile version
Works well enough on my nexus.   Was pleasantly surprised to find it synced perfectly with my Moga despite not being on their list.   There's no "easy way" to use cheats; you have to buy an additional app or root your device and use some fishy apks. Overall,  I'm glad I spent the 7 bones
Everything is perfect except that all pedestrians, including CJ are completely white! Sometimes they look really shiny white with a bit of their usual colour, and now n again the characters are normal colours for a couple of seconds! But usually completely white from head to toe! Please find a way to fix this, I can't tell who's a gang member or not! Its quite annoying XD
There are two kind of people: those who have problems with touchscreen gamepads and those who play with them normally. No problems at all for me. It runs on maximum specs on ZenFone 2. I had great times playing this game back in the days and now I can enjoy it again. Thanks guys! Suggestion: please allow key mapping for the volume button! They work nicely as triggers.
The app Itself need multi-touch support, only two fingers can be recognized, which make some task like flying a helicopter harder than with a controller. Then the cars have some weird shifting when going through its gears making the car wobble. Plane controls needs to be like the hell controls since flying a plane without a rudder is nearly impossible. Not sure why Rockstar mixed the aileron and rudder with same control. Other than that the rest of the game is OK
They actually made the game just like it should be! I'm only getting started but so far this is the BEST app purchase I've made ever! I'm looking forward to updates, if any, and future improvements. P.S. watching my niece play GTA3 on her tablet is what finally convinced me that you guys did it justice ;-)
Takes quite abit of memory but after a few deleted apps it's well worth it!  Never been a fan of on screen controls but thankfully I'm playing with a Z3 so I play with a Dualshock 4. The only tiny issue is that you cannot change the controller button methods but this does not dampen the gameplay much at all. Personally I think Rockstar have done an awsomes job making this on Android!
Needs local play. There is not a large enough player base to justify paying for the game and expansions which don't work with the core deck.
Great graphics, sound effects. The interactive, live action of the game makes it as exciting as it is played offline.
I personally love the sims but I have a few suggestions. 1. I want to be able to have a family and children. I figured out how to have my spouse live with me but I want children too. 2. Whenever I try to go to the park it says theres a glitch and I cant. Fishing is my main source of income and its hard to make my house as good as I can without $$.
Im very upset it doesnt have lvl like cmon guys... -_- sims freeplay is better u earn simoleons lp for lvls! duh! And u can have children! Isnt more advance game boards for example (Timple Run_____Timple Run 2) it suppose to be better than the one before? Well today its changed...it looks like sims freeplay is WAY more better than Sims3 but I still love this game I prefer it on a Mac or Pc though now THATS better than the android Sims 3 ;-;
Game won't even load ,what the f;x* is marmalaid gllnit error. If your going to make a game and charge for it you should atleast give a refund if you stop updating it, here just take the rest of the spare change i don't have to give ,thanks Error Assholes
This game is fun after about 5 minutes your playing, after that you realise, "wait, I'll just be doing the same thing everyday on this game?" And then itll get extremely boring since all you will be doing is doing your job, relation ships suck cause wen u marry u can control the other sim, there is no children, not even pools! I'd love to have the game way bigger and better customizing/buying houses
I think the game does well for something on such a platform because its hard to have a game like Sims on the compacity of something like a phone. Note to people responding to the game saying how bad it is, maybe it is the game or maybe it's your phone. Maybe you need to stop yelling and shouting and cussing at the developers because the game isn't working. You can't buy a game then give it back. Its the same with music on google play too. Im sorry you got "ripped off" but honey that's life. Have a good day.
Once again EA screwed us over with this mobile Sims 3, I just paid $7 for an endless loop of working. Not to mention it crashes almost every time I go somewhere and just has no features
I payed money for a game, that's not even fun! The graphics are terrible, the clothes make me want to barf, and the game mechanics just suck! It's the sims 3, Why can't we have kids? The sims Freeplay is better thank this, and it's free! You guys need to fix this app! I can go on and on about why this game is terrible, but I don't have that kind of time.
The developers really need to commit to bring this game to its full potential. I was so disappointed in this app when I bought it. And the fact that there is really nothing for my Sims to do against all the options my Sims have in ps3 , like have children or meet ghosts, is really devastating. I was expecting so much more.
I've been on night 6 for 2 days and it's always chica because somehow she gets from the stage to the door and then my face in 10 seconds if that didn't happen I would have finished it by now and I think the power goes out faster than the PC does because even without using anything I lose about 10% power in a minute but other than that I love it great job scott... PS foxy has only left pirate cove once in these 6 nights.
Literally if I had a wife and she told me it was her or this game that leaves, I'd get her all the boxes she needs. I love this game, and I love the story even more. Scott you are a LITERAL GENIUS. The story completely has me baffeled. Great job. Only one set back. PLEASE TELL ME SISTER LOCATION IS GOING TO BE FOR MOBILE AS WELL SOON. #1 fan here. Continue that story and don't let any one get you down.
It's amazing what some well crafted ambience and creepy characters can do for such a simple game. Probably the most chilling game I've played in years, rivaling consol horror games that have become too over the top to be scary. I don't quite understand why the phone game apparently has shorter nights but it doesn't detract from it!
A wonderfully designed psychological thrill ride that rewards fast reflexes, critical thinking, resource economizing, concentration, and above all else, coolness under pressure. Plus, no music box! ;) Love it! Although something's up on my phone, when Bonnie gets me, there's no sound, my phone vibrates and the death animation plays but that's it. Weird. Still, this game worthily deserves six stars, too bad I can only give it five!
THIS GAME IS SO COOOOOOOL THE ROBOTS AND THE GRAPHICS THE SECRETS SO ****EN COOL I LIKE HOW SOME GAMES ARE EASY BUT NOT THIS ONE LOL SCOTT FNAF 4 RULES TOO FNAF 2 IS MY FAV THOUGH!! KEEP UP THE F0GOOD WORK IM EXPECTING MORE FNAF EVEN THOIGH ITS THE FINAL CHAPTER LIKE THE DLC SPOILER YES THERES GOING TO BE A DLC FNAF 5 CONFIRMED THE END after brittened up THE END? OH YEAH
I love this game but its much harder than the 2nd. I love both games but I think the power runs out really fast if you could possibly make the flashlight battery and the power for the building seprate that would be awesome. If I could I would rate this 10 stars! Keep up the good work Scott your  awesome (and so are your games) and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. This game is definitely worth the money.
The game play is definitely worth 5 start but I've been having unending problems with glitches. The d-pad disappears sometimes and I have to start a level over, I can't select the suit for my character to wear sometimes, and again I have to start the level over again. I'll give 5 stars when this bug gets fixed because starting over constantly is a bit irritating.
Game is marked as compatible with my Shield Android TV on the store page.  I'm able to push / install it to my Shield just fine.  Game pad support works and the game plays great.  However, the 'Hack Computer' mini-games require touchscreen support, which the SATV does not support natively.  I've tired using a mouse on the SATV, but doing so disables the game pad movement.  So, my only way to complete these is to :    -  Move to computer -  Connect USB mouse (which disables movement) -  Hack Computer -  Exit Game -  Disconnect Mouse -  Restart Game - Continue (so I can move again)  Outside of this, the game plays flawlessly. and I have enjoyed it a lot.  I want to rate this 5 stars so bad, but this one issue prevents that.  If the game wasn't marked compatible on my system to start, this wouldn't be an issue... but since it was, I'm hoping they can do an update to where you can play the mini-games with the game pad, instead of a touchscreen interface..
A potentially good game. However, graphics go from very nice in cut scenes (including those showing something you've built) to absolutely awful in Gameplay. Then part way through a bizarre problem with the display, I can't see most of the screen while in a level but for when just coming out of pause. I can't see where anything is and therefore can't play the game
Well, like many before me have said, the game does love to crash. Nice graphics, PC like feel to it and solid control support but it doesn't matter if the games keeps crashing. The saddest part is no update. It feels like some companies like trolling their customers. Sad, really sad.
Had to downgrade my nexus 9 to 5.0 lollipop in order for this to work (and also batman dkr now works and also brother in arms 3 /it let me download these games from the store but when I opened these games it kept force closing / problem fixed now
OK so I bought this for my son, with high hopes. He already owns it on Xbox & 3DS. This really looks and plays fantastic, just like the console s... EXCEPT it force closes at the same point every time. We can only reach 2.5% completion. It crashes at the Killer Croc stage when his goons pop out. Too many characters to render on screen at once. Tried everything
It crashes occasionally but so far so good. Controls are not as bad as I thought. And Mycareer games should have an option for 8 or 12 minutes quarters. I don't like the games ending with scores in the 50s and 60s.
Won't even let me download the damn game. It goes to 100% and then makes me start the download all over again. Update: got it download but crashed right when I opened
Please fix it. I'm really getting pissed off at this point. I have been missing Excellent and A+ releases in Career mode and it gets annoying especially when you're down by a lot of points and trying to make the comeback. And please fix the All-star game.
In HOF, you need to adjust the opposing teams shooting to real player %. Bullshit if Mozgov is nailing uncontested threes. Your steal button sends a player unrealistically out of the play, and the block button has a delay. how many times you screw a game over by not allowing easy layup, then the cpu makes a bullshit scoop shot, contested. Bullshit. Missing point blank layups, then the CPU throws up a bullshit shot and goes in. Fix the cpu to be a little more real.
This game is really good but every time the speaker speaks he never finishes his sentence it lags now and then not that much but w.e just plz fix lag and commenter or the speaker to finish his sentence and another thing can we plz have better accessories when I put players on high mode in the video settings all the other players look good with there sleeves and hex pads and knee pads we have them ugly wrist bands colorful ugly bands and them ugly colorful designed long leg sleeves plz can we get the same
I love this game......so much in fact I purchased a superstar vc pack for my player in my career for £8.99. Unfortunately I never recieved the 50.000 vc and after many attempts and emails trying to get something for my money, I still have nothing!! Thieves!!!
The game very slow, everytime i want to play career mode i must go to setting to adjust the game speed. And also difficult control and lag
THE GRAPHICS SUCK... It's so laggy and it looks so fake. Plus my friend has it on iPhone and it is perfect. FIX IT AND STOP FAVORING APPLE
Game play seems fine but no SFX only music
Super boooring you can't use cheats
It sooo good I love just like the xbox
Best forever I understand why it costs money
Love it but different missions
Arhhhh I have to pay money 💵 for my  son
It didnot work, i lost 5 $
This games is fantastic, but it will not work on lollipop due to a bug in the operating system that won't function "air" applications. Error Code:(-505)
I used to play this game when it first came out on the computer. It is a fantastic, truly 5 star game, as all Amanita games. So I wanted to replay it on my new phone. I downloaded this game about two months ago and had this black screen problem. After waiting patiently for a patch to fix this issue we finally received an update some time ago. Alas, the issue wasn't resolved. Even tried the suggestion of uninstalling, restarting device, then reinstalling. I would like to eventually play this game again.
It just doesn't work. On my Nexus 7 2012 it just shows me a black screen and nothing more happens. I've tried to re-install it several times including this most recent version. No success. It seems I've wasted my money.
It's demented, but in a good way. (Some of the puzzles were difficult because I hadn't clicked exactly the right area - that was a bit frustrating.)
Does not work on Lenovo Yoga 2 tablet
Great game but suffers from massive fps drops on some screens on nexus 6 making it very hard to play (the singing birds screen as one example). //UPDATE - this has been fixed!
Unplayable due to black screens and Google will not refund me for a game I cannot play. Disappointed because Machinarium was so good.
I paid for this app.. It took three tries to download and now all i see is a black screen.    ***I've updated, same issue :(
Looks like they removed the ability to use the currency you collect from playing and put in micro transactions instead lol. Accidentally downloaded this when I wanted Scribblenauts Unlimited. That is a much better game and has much more content. This has 5 stages and to do anything more will cost you more real money. Have $10000 In-game dollars and can't use it apparently rofl what a joke
I loved this game and people make it sound like the other "versions" of this game. Good graphics, not bad racing, not much at all for customization, NO OPEN WORLD!!! You can't drive around and goof off at all!!! Much better racing games out there and like Asphalt and it's free..
Google Nexus 7 2013. Game works fine on main account. Have restricted user account set up for my son. Make the app available to him. When he tries to open it in his account you get a message saying this application not authorized for your android device. You can see lots of people on Google have this problem. I guess it is EAs overzealous DRM. Sigh. Thanks for nothing EA.
I know its not been updated for quite a while. But it doesn't support my Pixel on 7.1. I have plenty of free storage but it still says "Insufficient Storage, 0 MB available". Either make this app free, because its worthless. Or update it to add support for new devices. Time for a refund.
its good game for the Xbox 360 as all that I know it for the console but its really good on phone to and I think whenever you have an error that's just because it's may be way too hard to handle your phone or something like that so I don't know but I really am sad for the people who it doesn't work for them if I was somebody who did not work. I'll recommend so hard for everybody to just give me back my money if it didn't work
I love both Most Wanted games, esp the one that came out in '05. And as a mobile racing game version of this Most Wanted, it's the best of the absolute best that you will ever find on Google Play. Only a slight set back, and that's not knowing how to create an origins account within the game so that I can race against other players track times.
I picked this game up last year for 10 cents and it's been fun, but nothing grand. I would recommend this as a $1 or under game, so wait for a sale to buy this. The gameplay is fun for a short time and grapghics are half-baked. Overall fun and a good time killer.
So please add object editor or a tutorial on how to get there, but other than that I love everything! I just really want object editor! I would give it a better review and better ratings if object editor was in the game! or like I said a tutorial on how to get there, and if you do please call it 'How To Get To The Object Editor'. Bye!
It's amazing! I am 7 years old and want to be a artist when I grow up this inspires me to do art more ofton so I can be better at it good job whoever made the game
I've always wanted to play this ever since I watch someone played it 3 years ago. I'm so happy now that I have the chance to actually play it! What an amazing game.
I am a huge fan of scribblenauts  and this is the best by far! This is an amazing game except it takes up to much space (understandable) and the wii u is better and more of a hands on experience.
OMG BEST GAME EVER but ADD AVATAR EDITOR FOR MOBILE! Also object editor Also sometime  the sound messes up plz fix
Great game but... I want to see the object editor coming out soon on android and iOS users because it's on nearly everything it's out on. Please try and add object editor and I will be so happy. Most people probably want this object editor as well as I do. Please reply asap
I love it its amazing game because you can do anything but can you add in steam workshop I think that's what it's called it's were you can download other stuff that other people made and there is a way someone pls tell me
Its good but....but can u make it were u can like....get freddy fazbeat and the other gang I mean like nightmares toys olds and normale animatronics oh and the SL ones pleas
I'm a scrriblenaut fan I need to play but it lags:EDIT:I am so glad ur updating it I'll keep it until the download good
Fun game
Great App
I enjoy it
I love it 😍😍😍
fun
Cool
I guess I understand why you need to access my storage, but the others still seem fishy. It would be better if you explain why you need to access these files, images, phone, contact list, etc. Then if you are up front, maybe less would question your motives. Overall pretty good game. Graphics are amazing. I do wish it was like the old computer version of the game. Lots of extras and cut screens. For paying for this app, I guess I expected more. It should be free to download and then $ for extras like winter.
Its good and all. Theres a lot I like that my iphone game doesnt have, but it has a lot I like that this doesnt have. One thing I would like is the option to go back to school and get a pay raise instead of just a new job. Another thing would be picking our own lucky numbers. I usually like picking the number I spin when we spin to see who goes first as my "lucky number." I do like the minigames, though, and have never lost a game of statuettes. No jinx! Its also nice not having to take out a loan for the college path. But I would like to see a quick skip button. You know where it automatically moves and you don't have to watch them spin, move, collect money, etc. It could just stop when you need to make a play and then you press it again to continue. Or not. I havent thought it through entirely but yeah. Love the game. Like that I can play offline. Always a plus.
This use to be fun,  but now everytime me and my friend play online it crashes on his phone and we haft to start over,  done starting over,  and if the game don't crash then connection is lost and then I'm stuck playing a computer! This needs to be fixed we payed for this! You shouldn't loose your spot because you lost service,  no other game does that.
Exactly like the original computer game! Don't want all the new fancy graphics and added features, just wanted the original game and I got it! Amazing game! For all the people saying the original let you charge entry to the park and that this game won't let you, it does let you but only on some of the maps/game modes. Some maps are entry fee only and no ride fee while others are free entry and non free rides.
I love collecting and battling games and this one is pretty great. Lots of jokes and funny stuff going on but the funnest part is opening the riddler packs cause you can get literally any figure from them. For 1 dollar it's deffinitely worth it. Give it a try!
Really cute. Amazing graphics!😘 It doesn't need Internet which is good because I need it at home but now I'm at my Dad's place, and he has Internet. It may cost money but it is great! Half demon. Cyborg. Enthusiastic leader. Alien princess. Boy that turns into 🐈🐒🐕🐆🐖🐏🐐🐎
When I first saw this game I thought it was just a money grab, but after paying the small amount for it initially I found out this is genuinely one of the funnest apps I have played in a long time. No micro-transactions to mooch money just pure fun and good humor. Could use a slightly bigger character list and some more events, but sure they will come in time. Definitely worth the small sum.
^ that's it. Hahaha. More figures maybe, extension of the story. More side quests. Maybe villains who suck at fig fighting turns back to crime? I don't know. Hahahaha. WE WANT MORE FIGURES!!!! THEY ARE SO CUTE AND COOL AND BEAUTIFUL
Saw how good this was on youtube. Was going to wait for the sale again, but decided to pay full price in the hope it goes towards another titans game fully loaded with new original voice acting recording. The Titans voice actors really do make up half the characters' essence, sadly there isn't a lot of it in this game. Great game though unlike anything else. A+++
NEEDS CLOUD SAVE,IT GLITCHED ONCE SO I STARTED OVER AND NOW IT WAS ACCIDENTALLY DELETED FROM MY PHONE AND I WAS ON THE LAST COMPETITION!!! I AM NOT STARTING OVER A 3RD TIME,ITS REDICULOUS A GAME LIKE THIS CAN'T SAVE!!!
was great 4 me & my kids until it stopped opening and we had about 50+ figures!!😭 Now it won't open at all!! it used to shut down.. but this is unacceptable! my daughter is in tears!!! DEV PLZ HELP! It's on my samsung sg1437 and just won't open! I want to uninstall & reinstall but if she loses her progress she'll be DEVASTATED! PLEASE HELP!!!
It's like a mobile pokemon but with the awesome characters from teen titans. Even if you hate the go remake you will love this. An unbelievable amount of effort put into such a  low priced game. But a small warning. This game is MASSIVELY addictive.
There should be different load outs so you dont have to constantly switch character if needed also that one could use 5 characters in battle instead of 3 ad thanks for reading this and if i could 10 🌟 i would
I'm leaving a one star review until 505Games decides to add Android HID controller support, especially considering that the PC version now has it, and the slow rise in android TV gaming setups. Heck, last I heard, it worked on the Amazon fire TV! If that is still the case, they have a controller enabled android apk already made! I'm considering a Shield TV, so being able to use the cloud save between that and my phone with a controller mount would be amazing!
Game was amazing. I was in handmode had all adamantite armor and most npcs. But then something happened in the cloud... I went to go back on to it after showing how great of a game it is... then I went back on terraria and my character through the cloud was gone. I thought the cloud was to prevent things like this. I didn't even care about the music in the background putting my phone on sleep without exiting the app. Please contact me, I worked very hard on that character.
It's cool, but it would have gotten 5 stars if a certain issue wasn't interfering... I enter my worlds, and for some reason, it says that one of my worlds was created in a newer version, and is unloadable, yet the game is up to date. I'm going to stop playing this if this is not fixed soon. Also, what happened to the 10 item hotbar option? I miss that. Otherwise great work 505 Games.
I absolutely love the game, but I'm trying to transfer to my phone. My phone has no problems and is very fast, but my tablet isn't working as well with the app. I managed to transfer my character somehow before it disappeared by saving it, but it won't let me transfer my two worlds. I really hope you can fix this bug because my tablet screen is cracked and it hurts to have to play on it instead of my phone. :(
I have this game on my Kindle also, but after a certain update it started crashing. So I got it on here. Could u make the option of 10 item slots vs 5? Maybe put them under the other ones and a little smaller. It's VERY helpful. But keep up the great work :D best game ever!!!
Terraria  has always been a great game known for its great content.  I love that they have updated the phone version as well as PC version for it.  There is all new content and bosses you can defeat, just like the PC version!  Controls are a little difficult to learn, but you eventually learn them overtime.  I think Terraria is a must have game.  It is much better than those FTP games where they give you an option to purchase time affiliated stuff.  It is worth every penny to buy this game.
Love this game. Played back when it first released on PC a few years ago.  Love the new additions. Some complaints though with phone port:  would like to use items without equipping like Magic Mirror in backpack.  More transparent color when zoomed in for blocking. Compatibility with Stylus pen--cannot move while using Galaxy stylus. A map. And better navigation of menu of inventory/equipment.
Love the game. 505 games please add the QUICK SELECT feature for mobile terrarians. I use the Moga Pro bt controller which is similar to an XBOX controller and i would like it to feel more like the console when im gaming. Also please add a feature so i can control the zoom. I zoomed in by pinching the screen and i cant zoom out also i need to control this feature through my Moga Pro bt controller. Plz fix rapid fire hook issue when using L trigger.
Amazing game! Very addicting, unique, and an adventurous game. Although, when I was play Terraria my tablet turned off due to lack of battery charge and when I tried to load the game it constantly kept saying that it was unable to download files (something along the lines of that). I then had to uninstall the game then reinstall it, loosing my characters and created world's. I don't know if there was another way to fix other than that I should've 'cloud saved'. Hopefully this will be fixed in the near future.
Love it! Love it! Love it! Love it! Best one ever! Edit: Funtime Foxy has to be my favorite now! All the other Foxys are also my favorite! I think it's the tail lol. Funtime Freddy is actually funny when he says things. Took me while to figure out how to turn to get the True ending and the Fake ending. Lol. I'm actually surprised that it ran more smoother than FNaF 4..well I mean it doesn't crash..I don't quite understand, but whatever I love all your games and I have all 5 of them now ^_^
Hi. I downloaded fnaf on my tablet. I am in the 4 night and dont let me play is requesting more memory to play it. My mom sign it in her google account in the pc and trying to get the app in the pc. night 4 i cant beat in my tablet because i cant see the 5 springlock only 8. We dont know much about it. Please can any person can help me and tell me how I can install the app from my tablet on my pc because is already in my mom google account. She can see it but tried few times and nothing happed. Thank you.
In night one for some people including me it would cut out the audio of the handy man unit after about 5 seconds. The way i fixed this is by downloading apk editor and saved audio #061 which is the handy man units first audio that you hear in the elevator, i then saved it over the same audio which changes the audio to normal in the game. I then saved the file and when you go back into the game the audio should be fixed then you can go about your business. I hope this helps many people. P.S. thank you so much scott for bringing sister location to mobile I've been with the franchise since five nights at freddy's  one.
My kids are bonkers over the entire FNAF franchise- and it sure extends wayyy beyond the mobile gaming scene! My bed is overrun by "plushies"and huge stuffed Foxy, Freddy and all the rest of the gang. SpringTrap is terrifyingly cute as a plush, I admit, but OMG....I need my bed back Scott Cawthon!!  Love to love it, if no reason but the laughter from my middle monsters! Need more Fnaf stuff in stores to break my bank account, please!!
I Love this game so much I give it 5 stars! Yay congrats! But.... There is one problem.... I am in night 3 and like the other people say that Bon Bon wont appear, I have the same issue and I was hopping if you can fix it please. Still give it a 5 stars tho. Keep up the good work!   :D
This is easily one of the best FNAF games. I have finished the game on PC, and I was hoping for the same experience on a mobile platform. And it was, but I encountered a problem: My game resets and random times. I will play through several nights, close the application, then return to it later only to find that the data has reset and I'm forced to play from the beginning again. Other than this little "glitch", this is an awesome game.
I love all of it of course, but I found a bug on night 3. When you reach the room where they deactivated funtime Freddy just after funtime auditorium, the face plates and chest plates don't have an animation. The second bug is at the same place. Bon-Bon doesn't actually show up playing "hide and seek" behind Funtime Freddy, because the animation is missing for that too. All you can do is look around at an empty space. The jumpscare does work, however. this makes the night impossible. Please fix!
I've played fnaf 1,2,3,4 and now sister location. Scott, i've compared fnaf 1 to fnaf 5 and its amazing how far youve come.The graphics,art,Details,easter eggs and the whole story line. I really love this game thanks for your hard work and it was well worth the wait!!! Oh yeah i nearnly forgot. I am having one problem, im on night 4 and im having trouble with the wiggle buttons . Apart from that, SL is the best game in gaming history!!😄😄
When im on night 5 im on the part where i put baby into the scooping room and then she guides me. But then since she told me to go forward then left, i cant go left. I can go forward but how do i go left? I tried tapping swiping but they dont work can anyone tell me how to pass it on mobile?
Hilariously addictive! I hope you never fix your physics!
Put in multiplayer  Please
I kind of like the old version better than new one
I like playin this
I love this game but it costs money but I still bought it
I LOVE IT
I know where all the goats are and this game is epic
It's so good for a mobile game
Absolutely fabulous game just kind of wish that there were either A:more towers to upgrade or B:if the upgrades took longer to get. This is because I maxed out every tower in 1 week and am rank 61. So mimjakiwi if you read this plz take this into account and implement into a new update would be amazing
It's a great game! I can't wait for Ultimate Dog Simulator!!! I really like how you added new features and sounds! It sounds like real life!! Oh, I also like how you added that fridge sound!
Keeps crashing... I like everything else though.
One of the best best games ever! I think it's better then the original! 😊
I'm having a hard time getting an owner. I don't know how to be tame! Can someone please help me?
I love it and I have a suggestion. Can you make a reptile simulator?
I can't find a map and it's a little glitchy other wise it's fun
I love this game, Exept it's just really really laggy!!! Other than that, everything else is awesome.
This game would get an enthusiastic 5 stars from me, but for some reason Robtop won't let you purchase the full game in the Google Play store. So, 3 stars for 3 awesome levels.   If they ever change that, then a definate 5 stars, no problem. Loved, loved and super loved the original Dash on both Newgrounds and the phone version. Just hate that I can't purchase the full version of this one. 😟
The app stops right after I launch it on LG G5. What's wrong with that? I cannot reinstall it I'll lose the option to ask for a refund
The spells wouldn't work so can't play the game, also continues to play background music even when im not using the app.
Looking forward to this game, but when I try to open it the screen goes black, then a few seconds later it closes.
Would give 5 stars if full screen worked versus letter box. Hope there's an update soon to fix!
Game is ok but sound is terrible! Fix the sound and my rating will change! Sounds crackly and bitty huawei p8 lite android 6.0
Game wont load at all .please fix i have galaxy tab 4 kitkat 4.4.2.harry potter 2 i can play no problems at all but not this one..ill change my review when fixed.
It appears to crash a lot on my Galaxy S5 and idk why, it seems to happen when I either finish a very weird combo trick or close to when I start up another map, either way, I still love this game.... accept the tricks are quite hard to do.. same with some missions
Great concept! Graphics are cool and the controls are decent after you get used to them. HOWEVER...The fact that the developer is charging money to access missions and to unlock all the other courses is just plain imbecilic. I bought the game cuz it was 80% and I'm cheap as hell. At 50¢ it was a good bargain...Only to find out I gotta pay up to $1.99 each to unlock other skate parks. Once your credits run out you have to buy more with good old American greenbacks to even continue the missions.
It misses when I do some tricks and misnames others. It needs more big ramps/jumps and big rails. 2.9 STARS for a game that costs money to play and seemingly has yet to address afformentioned issues, and those mentioned by fellow posters.
I played this on my old phone and it was really good. I decided to buy it on my current phone and I then proceded to open it only to be stopped by the game crashing. Every time try to open it, it instantly closes. I've reinstalled it, I've restarted my phone, and I've even did a factory reset and I still can't play it. I can't even get a refund for some unkown reason. I would like to play this game but I simply can't due to some random error/bug.
So many in-app dlc. The game is not very fun you just can't move as you want and the only level is too messy. To play other other ones you got to pay again. You wouldn't believe the amount of paying stuff this game has. It's almost like train simulator on steam.
I haven't complained about an app before and I always give credit were credit is due the graphics on this is are good. The touch on the skate board is garbage. The TC points are highly unrealistic. you don't get much for anything. I realize this was a .50 cent game but come on.
The game is very fun, but the amount of little bugs in the game bothers me; tricks wont register or multiplier decides to not go up. I love the game but just wish it would run smooth, especially after its been out this long
The game gets boring quick. The missions are way to difficult to match tricks and follow the leader. It's expensive to buy in the first place but also everything in game you have to buy. Gave 2 stars cause I have had some fun trying to do tricks.
I liked it at first. But realised every map cost 1-2$ (and most of them are too small for me , with bad scaling or just boring) .There is almost no update on the content , it's mostly bug fixes (every update they do creates about 3 bugs...). Nobody plays the game like they intended (2 fingers acting like legs)  everybody plays with thumbs, but remember the game is made like they want you to play. Beside that , the game succeed to pass time, but it isnt worth your money.
I am actually playing this game for very long time and its really really good game but now I think it should be more of a campaign sort of game instead of just one map with one single angle and no movement at all.
I always enjoyed the Hitman series on PC. I have to say that the style and the visceral feel of the game has been very well maintained and transferred on mobile. The choice for the music score is superb too. This is a good addition to the whole series, we'll crafted. Thank you!
Great game, but once you finish all the levels and you're just competing on the leader board, you can never top the leader board because the game always puts like 10 fake score leaders over your score. For example, if I get a high score of 11,500,000, it'll show like 10 people with a score higher than mine with the highest being like 11,601,234. I'll then beat not only my high score, but all the others above me, too, with say 12,500,000, and then about 10 more fake high scores (with really bad fake names) are put above me again. Are we really supposed to believe that at the exact same time I was playing the game 10 people got a slightly higher score than me...EVERY TIME? So, once you finish the levels, don't bother with trying to compete  for the high score on the leader board -- you'll never get it. Otherwise, it's a great game, but who wants to play a game that you can never win? Sorry, but that alone deserves a one-star rating. Also, the new Chinese New Year gun is HORRIBLE! You can't covertly snipe with a canon. I haven't successfully completed a level with it yet in probably 3 dozen attempts. Just a horrible weapon.
This is a great little game for 99 cents if you want a decent shooting game with that hit man stealth flavor. The Death Valley mode is quite challenging and fun, especially for unlocking the sniper rifle for the main game. I wish they had different maps to execute missions but for 99 cents, you get your value out of it
It's the same map every time. Not only is it the same map, but the targets move the exact same way every time. Would be a 5 star game otherwise
For once a game that doesn't require energy refills, haven't paid a cent after purchasing intially and have got quite far into the game. Bloody love it. Best game on android!
Good game , but there should be more maps instead of 1 map for every mission it does get boring after seeing the same map over  and over , but overall you should add more maps .
Is this the only map?  When you first look thru the scope it tends to go to the bottom right corner and you have to find your target from there. The fire and reload buttons could be a little further apart but overall it's a very addicting game. Getting 100% stealth is f****** hard lol
I really love this game. I love love the fact that you put this on mobile. It's really hard getting a good port to mobile and you did a really great job. The storyline is really great and the jumpscares get me every time. This game is better than the last one. Great job Scott!                                    EDIT#2 : This update seems like It broke the game even MORE!  The sounds are sort of muffled and the black to the left side of the Monitor Screen is still there! Fix this please Scott! :(
I loved the first version, this version was bought for the nvidia shield tablet. After the new lollipop update the game runs,  so far i have only made it passed night two. But i. Am having fun playing this Allows to down for:  Nvidia Shield Tablet & Samsung Galaxy Tab 3. Heavy lag on the samsung galexy tab 3.
Ok so here's some advice on how to survive the nights. Cam11 music box.  Keep it wound up.  Foxy the pirate, flash your light at him from time to time.  Balloon boy,  cam10. If he's not there look all over the cams and vents put mask on if anyone is in the hall, vents. So ya look me up on utube
A truly great game. It does not need all the complexity of console games to deliver, which it does greatly. The audio, the top notch jumpscare animations and disturbing mini games make it one of my favorites as a horror fan. The only thing I wish for is the animation where the animatronics pass while you wear the freddy head. Thank you Scott.
I love it but it won't let u buy cheat mode, that's how I beat night 4 5 and 6 on the last one, but I still like it! Still scares me also like the mini games after Marinetta or how ever u spell it comes at u. PS when r u coming out with the third one? I saw the trailer on YouTube
This games mechanics are unique and the atmosphere makes this an amazing horror experience. Yea some people aren't scared cause they say the animatronics are to "cute" but put yourself in this dudes shoes. It would freak u the f out. Plus Scott is a genius. The story hidden behind this that cause so much controversy. Scott knows what he is doing. And he is doing something great.
I love the game because it has a lot of power and even though my flash light can run out of power the building can not.& when foxy runs up on you it's pretty cool and scary...But usually I don't think it's scary. If you wanna know who's really scared of it ask my brother
This is one of the most fun games I've ever played in my entire history of gaming on my phone!!! Those who complaining about oh not working on my phone lagggy yeah well guess what i bough a Xiao Mi Note 2 one of the cheapest smartphone guess what it worked smoothly btw i dint get paid to say this but best game dude!!! And btw if ur phone cant run this game smoothly you prob got ripped off. BUT!!! I advice people to check if your phone is compatible or will be able to run this game smoothly just like mine.
Game looks awesome but the controls don't work right. Walking and running is not fluid. It's stop and go. While driving it is very hard to steer while pressing the gas pedal. I have Max Payne and the controls in that are great what happened with GTA San Andreas. Please fix. Also could you make it so I can move the game to my SD Card. I am using a Samsung galaxy tab 4.
Would give it 5 stars but I can't go to bincos clothes store. Even when I play the mission where he says " i need colors" and a "hair cut". The icon for bincos doesn't even show up on the map. Like it's not even an option. I'm kind of emersive so I would really like that fixed. Other than that it seems to be the entire game on your fingertips. I have galaxy s7 and I haven't had any problems other than the clothes store not showing. The port from Playstation to android is amazing. Great job. Fix bincos tho!!
During the mission with Catalina in which you rob the gas station... there is an indestructible (bullet-proof) Saber parked next to the building.  It's only there during that mission.  BEFORE you get in the truck with Catalina, kill her to fail the mission.  Then, go find a tractor (they have a towing hitch).  The Saber is locked and must be towed.   By this point in game, you should own a safe-house nearby.  Tow Saber to your safe-house and store in the garage.  It will be usable after saving the game.
Pretty good port over from the Xbox controls work great just take a little tweaking and getting used to. A few missions in the only problem I see is controlling bikes is diminished because you can't hold your jump but other than that solid port. Thanks for the great game!👍
A great remake of a great game, runs (unsurprisingly) great on this device listed with as good as you can get touch controls, but using the Nvidia Shield Controller works much better. It is definitely worth the money when comparing it to the overall quality, enjoyment and the time you will spend on it. (When rushed) it takes about 40 hours / £3.00 = 13.3 hours per £1
Gta san andreas is pretty much the same game on mobile. Default touch controls arn't ideal though, I'd recommend a duelshock 4 with one of those clamps. The game its self is great with a huge open world full of stuff to do, it will do a number on older phones though unless you turn the setting's down.
GTA is Awesome. Hours and Hours of fun but not without its set backs. There are some frame rate issues, some very bad but extremely playable. I have to say you have to optimize the game for later versions of Android so we can play the game on later devices running 6.0  and 7.0 glitch free. Other than that great job. Thanks
This game is still amazing. The controls are a little weird and lags a lot and ill go over how to handle that,but aside from that it's good. The game lags a lot , the only way to fix this is completely turn down the draw distance and resolution, this needs to be fixed. The graphics on this compared to the ps2 graphics look very good. If you have not played the game this is one of the best games of all time. The lag really draws the game back but I already to what to do. If you've never played this buy this.
I tried downloading this game a few months back and it came up with that marmalade code error so I tried on my tablet. Same error code message. I waited a few months hoping that the company would have fixed the problem by now but now I'm just pretty annoyed that it still hasn't been fixed. It should not take over 3 months to fix a glitch in your game that doesn't even allow the game to be played. That should be top priority and be fixed immediately. Very disappointed. I am going to inquire about a refund.
I paid for this because I thought it I was gonna have more features and options than the freeplay. This paid version is a joke alongside the freeplay! You can only sleep, walk around, and go to workon this one. The freeplay is a lot more comprehensive with the feature to raise a family etc. I want my money back! I'm better off with the freeplay!
I for one am a Sims fan its my fav game! I have 3 & 4 and the free play and this game kills me the creators should be ashamed! And how could you put the picture of the actual Sims 3 with all the cool faces you can make but you can't there's only one face for each gender! THOS APP IS HORRIBLE
So many ppl are complaining about the same problem THE ERROR AT THE BEGGINING WHEN YOU START THE APP WHAT IS THIS? ALL U CARE ABOUT IS MONEY YOUR NOT FIXING PROBLEM EA DONT DOWNLOAD THIS GAME IT DOSNT WORK
Just bought it yesterday. Running a HTC M9 One and I paid 7 dollars for this game yet upon opening it I get a Marmade error or something? Like frrl. Expect a refund and reporting app. *Update now have a Samsung galaxy s7. Does same thing. Disappointing
I purchased this app about 4 years ago. It worked perfectly fine back in 2012/2013. I haven't had it downloaded since then, but I decided to re-download it tonight. Now when I go to open the app & play the game I get an error code that reads: "ERROR: MARMALADE 6V.V.06" or somethin like that. Can you please fix this issue ASAP!? I used to love playing this game & now I can't even get it to load!!! Thank you!
First off, the things you can do are very limited. So are the things you can buy. I was hoping this game would have more customization fun. Sim kept dying at work for a while. Zoom and angle change is not as easy as sims free play. Game keeps force closing. I just wish there was more to this game. It's very easy to get bored. I love the Sims I just don't like sims 3 for android and I'm regretting buying it even if it was on sale at the time.
I want the second game hears some edvis for night 6 just check on Freddy and foxy then check your doors now for night seven for there ai level 20 20 20 20 check camera 4b and you r doors if chika or Bonnie are there then ones and awayele when one of them are there just close both doors and check on foxy. Oh ya you got to spam the camera you can check on YouTube with kevinkevin or beagle the beagle
This game Is scary for all the fact it Paronoids you. Each and every Freddy fazbear character is unique and scary. What makes it fun is that each character in Freddy fazbear has its own pattern and you should know they're pattern so you would not die to a very unfortunate jump scare. This game is unique due to the fact that your idle and can't move around which makes it more scary. This great,nightmareish, strategy game  is truly fun. I recommend this game to everyone who loves scary horror games.
I am honestly a HUGE FNaF fan, but I tried to pay for cheats and it says they are on but they don't work. Also, I was at 5AM and I got cut to my home screen. Just so you know I already clarified that I am not just pressing buttons by not playing at all. Plz fix & 5 stars at Freddy's will be made! (See what I did there?!) I am also looking forward to FNaF 3! I did hear you were getting back to work!
I love this game from what I've seen other people play it and it looks so good. But it won't even let me play it! It just bugs out and closes the game before even the first phone call! (Usually around when the first animatronic moves) Please fix this, Then I'll rate 5 stars.
I absolutely love this game! The one thing that I would change about it, though, is that when an animatronic gets into your room, if you press the light or door button before you bring up your camera again, they won't work, so you know one got in and you'll be jumpscared as soon as you put the camera up and back down. It would be awesome if this was somehow fixed so you couldn't tell when one was about to jump out at you. But still five stars, awesome game and it never gets old.
I think the shop is going to far. What's the point in playing if you have unlimited power. Its an auto win.. Its $5.. Not worth buying, as it destroys the entire game. That's why, while I don't have to buy it, I still think it drops this to a 4 star game, because with the unlimited power, the game can become an interchangeable slide show. Not a game. The cosmetic shop items are good. Without unlimited power from shop, it has you on the edge of your seat. Glad I didn't buy cheat mode. Works great! Nexus 5
Very fun! I don't have many problems with the game. I don't buy many games but this was one the first I got. Bonnie can jam the door on the left so if it doesn't work, then say good bye. Also, if u put down camera and Freddy jumps out, then start checking to see if Freddy is close to right door if u don't, then he will sneak in next time u check camera.
I am on night four and every time i start getting close to 6:00 am the game kicks me back to the home screen.  someone said its the ram on my device but i know thats not the issue, it never happened on days 1-3 and looking through the comments this seems to be a very common issue. Please fix and I'll rate a 5
I love all lego games. This one is very glitchy. A level will load without the controls, I can't change characters, key objects to finish boards don't show up, and the only repair is to restart the game. I find the controls to be hard to use, and the can stick causing me to fall a lot. I am glad I only paid .99.
I even tried following the instructions on multiple the port side from Warner Bros. However, it still does not work. It crashes upon opening and, I need none of the requirements of someone who wouldn't be able to run the game. Hopefully this is fixed, as I was looking forward to playing this game with my cousins who would have loved it. Not only that, but we spent money on this game.
Keeps crashing about five mins into gameplay... seems to be a good game to bad it keeps crashing. Been over two months and no update, there are plenty of ZenFone users complaining about the game crashing. I want a refund and this is the last game I'm buying from this company. They don't give a dam n
I like playing the Lego games since they don't require much thought yet are distracting enough to pass the time when needed. Note: This game is a huge battery hog and heats up your phone like no other game I've ever played.
I completed the whole game now I don't know what to do I'm really looking forward for getting lego jurassic world wich is already out but it cost a lot of money and it has all of the jurassic parks and it has my favorite jurassic world
Love this app and game play but it crashes at the end of every level and my progress is never saved. Thus I'm stuck playing the same level over and over until it finally doesn't crash and moves on which sometimes takes days. Please fix the crashing issue.
On level 5 you are supposed to get cyborgs new suit the giant  suit but I cant  Collect thegiant suit shows up as a greencheck mark on samsung galaxy tab 3 lite please put a refund option not worth the money
Awesome game but keeps crashing everytime we try to go up the ladder after the toxic slime. Anybody got any suggestions or fixes? Shame, cos it would be a 5 if we could carry on!
Always crashing. My son bought this for Christmas and he's always bringing the game to me because it crashes. Idk if he's been able to pass the second level because of this. It's garbage
In my opinion, trading I'd the best and only good part of these games so when I found out I could trade Beno Udrih for Russell Westbrook? I was a little disappointed, we should have to put more thought into these trades and not be able to form an ultimate team with a tap on the screen.
NBA 2K is console good. i was wowed first time. NBA 2K is better than NBA Live. NBA Live looks like a cartoon compared to NBA 2K. NBA Live need an active internet connection to play. that's no good. NBA 2K actually has an offline mode. worth every penny. download Google Rewards to get free money towards it. thanks 2K Sports!
Dont have enough freedom for game control. Upgrading the rating does nothing to improve the character. Cant modify the time for career mode. All in all its the work game from the nba franchise.
No controller support and buggy annoying audio?  WTF are you guys doing?  Classic EA being EA.  Would probably run great on shield TV.  If,  you know, it suppoŕted controllers.  /golfclap
When I play it on a Samsung s5 it drains my battery within 10 min my battery goes down about 25%
The game controls are slow and are difficult to use. The sound is very bad and stops at times. The shooting Metter isn't very responsive and is trash. Overall not worth any money.
I love NBA but this game is horrible. poor control system, pathetic graphics and overall very disappointing for android users. I am playing it on samsung galaxy s7edge and facing all these given problems. god knows what other android handsets are facing... seriously after playing EA sports NBA live this was nowhere near to ea games
Another very stylish game from Amanita. I have Machinarium also, and the design and music make these both very addictive.  You'll  find yourself returning even after you've solved the game just to revisit the characters and sound design.
This is as fun as Machinarium, if that's possible. Deceptively complex in the simple beauty it reveals. I still can't figure out my 123rd creature card, but that's ok. I still like seeing the gang say, ewwwww... and yooohooo!  :)
For some reason the last update for the game won't update it starts but then comes up with error 505
This is probably the most beautiful game I've played on Android. The artwork is just amazing. On top of that the gameplay is actually challenging, while being a whole lot of fun at the same time.
Lots of fun, and runs smooth on HTC One M9. Had an issue, and the developer responded. That in itself is head and shoulders above some. Thanks
Like Machinarium, this game is cute, absorbing and fun. However, also like Machinarium, it is very short, and the puzzles are often frustratingly free of logic - leading me often to resort to walkthroughs.
It has levels from the DS games and some new ones as well. Some of the puzzles are really clever and there are over 100 of them to play if you have the world pass. I think the game needs some more content though. I really liked the action levels on the original Scribblenauts and they've disappeared over the years. The playgrounds are bland and the playground pack only gives you 4 ones from Super Scribblenauts. Something that would be nice would be a level creator like in Super Scribblenauts and multiplayer.
It's just so fun and creative because you can search stuff up to get it.When I  do that it makes me feel like I have those stuff in real life.It is creative because anything is possible to get, do,and use.This game is really making me and my brother addicted to it so this is an really cool, good, amazing, exciting, creative, and fun. So I wanna say thank you for this game to the game company who made this.😇😍😃😁😀🎈🎉🎊😂😉😅☺😊.
I've loved this game since it's inception, and was psyched to see it on android. I beat it before, and had fun, so here I go again.  It's a very clever game, and you can do whatever you want. You can even create people!  If you're looking for something different, I'd definitely recommend Scribblenauts... a game where you can ride a flying pig, sword in one hand, drink in the other hand while also taking your zombie for a walk lol. If you can dream it, you can do it (well... just about anything lol).
I had this on my wishlist for a while because it sparked my interest, finally I got it and I was not impressed, I went back to get my refund and the options gone! Y'know...the refund rules are absolutely stupid! "Oh you bought an app you really like? I know it's been a week but you can still refund that app! What's that? You just  Bought an app by mistake and want your money back? Sorry chief, no can do!" I speak from experience with this and it's upsetting. I want my money back
This game has revolutionary changed my life. I was about to drink bleach, because my wife left and took all of my money, but then I found this game! I quit my job and sold my house to buy play this game full time, and to buy in-app purchases. Current status: single; Gender: Bisexual; Appearance: Hairy, the right amount if flare, the wrong amount of hair :( GREAT GAME!!!
Loses all game progress every single time that you stop playing, with no option to restore the lost data. Even after buying the extra 'World Pack' I am stuck repeatedly playing the same beginners levels. Don't waste your time or money on this game.
Compared to Scribblenauts Unlimited this version is severely lacking in features. No object editor; you can't even add adjectives to existing objects. UI is slow and buggy; without the joystick controls it's practically impossible to grab objects. Begs for ratings, and tries to upsell more stuff. Feels like a cheap attempt to milk the name.
People need to chill about how this isn't like unlimited or its frustrating to do certain commands. But you have to give credit to the developers for making such a great port and the world pass is definitely worth it. I have a relatively small screen and everything works fine on my budget device.
First it comes up with a server error now its saying i have 0 memory on me device but the phone it self says i have over a gig of memory?? I really wanted to play this but now i just really want my money back
I Don't Need For Speed Most Wanted because you can erase all the people you can go online when cars get money get cars for free and you can take down the cops and taking other people that you racing and you could kill 12
I have over 1.5 gb of space on my phone and 30 gb of space on an sd card in my phone.  But it's still just saying it requires 2055mb of space and I have 0 mb of space.   I either want to know how to fix it or I want my money back.   Y'all make great games and I had high hopes for this game so please fix it
I had an issue and had to factory reset my phone. I did a backup through Samsung smart switch, but I lost my progress and money I purchased through the game. I am a bit distressed about this. That's money I basically threw away. Not happy at all.
I just got this downloaded, and it's giving me a service error. I would rate 5 stars if only I could play the game. Now it's saying it's not authorized for use on my device.
I've just started playing this mobile version and it looks horrible on mobile. Absolutely stunning on console...only! More of a horrid mistake for mobile devices. The game runs smoothly on mobile, but was clearly only meant for console. One of the very top reasons I enjoyed playing it on my Playstation were those breath-taking scenery views. The music selection second to that. I'll play a bit more, but I'm just not feeling it right now EA. Just create a mobile racer or work with Asphalt.TheyNeedTheMechanics
I love the game so much . Just wish there was the object editor add it soon please and thank you !! :D
Best game ever. Nothing can top it. But what would make me literally fall in love with this game is a object editor
I wanted to play so long I don't care it costs money I love it!
May I get a refund please, my little brother ranromly bought games amd made my balance 54 cents, I was saving but then I noticed recently I was down 99 cents, so please may I get a refund
Addicting I just wanna play it all day it's so cool and fun I love puzzles so this is my type of game
The game is fun but it keeps crashing right after I complete the basics level at the beginning every time so I suggest to try and fix that little issue but besides that it's amazing thank you for making this game😊
I love the game and I wish you could download people's stuff they made on mobile
It's a good game but ridiculous amount of money to get it also I am very angry that I had to get rid of alot of my apps to get this sooo it better be worth it!!!
There's a bug in the game where the device screen Timeout kicks in and kicks me out of the game. I'm using pixel XL.
My boyfriend and I have found it entertaining. The board is kind of short it would be nice if it was longer. It says that it's classic version of the game board but it doesn't remind me to the classic version. It would be nice if that version became available. It's kind of annoying having to click the money every time that it comes up it would be nice if it showed you the amount and then Auto collected. It would be nice if the game played more than one song.  There wasn't a spot to stop and buy a house and I found that kind of odd since in the previous game that I have played the night school option is just a life space instead of a stop space. There are certain things that aren't really explained for example everyone just randomly everyone puts a token it down on the spinner and someone wins a certain amount of money but it's not really explain why that happens. I'm happy for what I paid for the game and I'd like to see additional features added even if I have to pay a little bit for it I don't mind.
UPDATE!! The app is still for closing. If you can't fix this in a timely manner please refund me the money I paid. I didn't pay $2.99 to play the game for a week. I've had it for about a month and have only played it a few times because after the week of having the app it would no longer work!      Every time I try to play it crashes. It crashes as soon as I open it. Sometimes it will say downloading error and then crash. I bought this game a few weeks ago. At first it worked. I played it 2 or 3 times but ever since then it crashes every time I try to load the game. Please fix this. I really enjoyed the game while it worked. If not just refund me my money. It's not worth $2.99 if you only get to play it a few times. Also you all could make it a little longer and more like the classic game. Thanks.
Its really fun and totally worth the money ONLY OF YOU MANAGE TO FINISH THE GAME, 80 percent of the time it crashes and u have to start all over again.
I have played the game 5 times with my husband via online play. Every single time we try and play it one of us gets booted from the game and we can never finish it. Definitely not worth the price of the game to never be able to play with others.
The game crashes whenever I turn on the app. I always get stuck playing the free version because no matter when I turn on the app, it says "Hasbro" on the screen and then it crashes. Please fix this. Thank you.
I like it I just don't like the fact that it only lets me play the fast play instead of the full play every time I try to play the full play it freezes on me and I don't like the fact that I can only play local play with computer again because if nobody ever online and I don't like the fact that I always have to login with Facebook other than that I guess it's fun
Me and my wife both play, we have bought the different boards and i had a tech issue that they where quick to correct me on and help fix.  Gets all 5 stars from me!!
Love playing this game.  Fun to play with friends. Must have a good Internet connection.  Sometimes the game freezes up.  I don't like the fact of leaving the game and coming back to the game, a robot took your place.
I have never reviewed a game on here before, but I feel like I should this time. I really enjoy the game, and the soundtrack brings back sweet memories haha. Love the original graphics and smooth game play that comes along with it. Only thing that really upsets me is the fact that you cannot alter entrance fees. Please change that, as it makes it difficult to increase cash flow. Definitely a game worth buying. Thanks!
I love this Game is one of my favorites since i play it for pc. Everything is great i enjoy it. But there is a small bug in galaxy note 5, every time i minimize the game to check other apps it freeze. And i have to close it all and hope i save the game before the crash. I can handle the problem but it will be wonderful if you fix the bug.
Finally, a proper strategy game for phones! I have been waiting for something like this for a long time. The devs did a ridiculously good job porting the classic rct and rct2 pc games over to android. My phone is light on specs and it still runs without much lag and I haven't had a force close yet. The amount of content you get justifies the price, though the toolkit add-on is priced too high. The best part is that there is no pay wall. If you don't want the expansions, you don't have to fork over any more cash after the initial purchase. This is honestly the best and most complete mobile game I've tried.
Fantastic game. I played this growing up and it's great to be able to play again on my daily commute etc. Controls are nice and even placement of small items isn't too hard on a phone screen.  My only complaint is if I turn my phone screen off with the game running, when I unlock, the game is crashed (black screen).. Please fix this and it'll get the 5 stars it deserves!  Many Thanks for this release.
I love the classic Rollercoaster Tycoon experience. The game holds up very well today and suits the mobile platform and on the go type of gaming.   My only issue at present is the ability to re-open the game after locking the display. Seems to cause the game to crash. Other than that it seems to work perfectly.
Definitely a must have for any fans of the original games, almost everything is exactly the same with a (in my opinion) better interface. Only problem I have is not being able to set entrance admission prices, cuts quite a bit of cash flow
This is the first two roller coaster tycoon games updated, optimized and combined. The mobile controls work well and the game runs fine on my G3. One problem is that it crashes if you put your phone in sleep while playing, but there is auto save which helps. There are 95 classic scenarios, dlc scenarios, but no bs dlc like rct4. Overall a great port of great games with some minor, easily patchable bugs.
So being that this is based off TTG threw me off a bit not being a fan of that incarnation of animated Teen Titans. However, for the price of $0.99 I was floored with the amount of content, challenge, and experience. Not too short, a lot of replayability, no pay for coins or rare figures to get ahead easy. If you suck, git gud. The amount of effort put into all the sounds, music, and voice acting was very quality. I urge you if you're a fan of TT and Pokémon type collector/trainer battle games to get this!
Great graphics, funny characters, cool storyline kind of thing. But now it doesn't load and stays a black screen. Can this be fixed, because I got quite far in the game
The game is a lot of fun but I will be getting a new phone in a couple of weeks and I can't carry my save over. I don't want to start now and then have to completely restart when I get my new phone. A game at this price point should not have this issue.
More characters please like the reverse titans and sticky Joan from the latest episode.  I will continue to play as long as more characters come.  Please add more characters. I mean i have alot of ideas for new places and characters that are on the show. I know every episode of teen titans go.
I'm using Huawei Honor 4C smartphone. I buy this game n it work for 3-4 hour after that when I launch this game again in 2 hour later this game was unfortunately stop working. Please! Fix this bug.
When I'm playing for like 30 minutes it crashes and my tablet turns off. After 10 minutes it turns back on. Overall the game is fun. BUT CAN YOU PLZ FIX THIS.
My Teeny Titans game just went black before i even played! This is a piece of crap!?! I'm gonna go write some swear words off the driveway with my tub of chalk, myabe just to blow off a little steam! 😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
I really loved this game, many cute figures to collect (seriously i wish the figures were real.. but not there in game prices) an interesting battle mechanic.  It's definitely worth the price.
After hours of training and progressing through the game the game glitched and wouldn't let me pick up an item (the pillow in the mission "rulebreaker") thus not allowing me to move on in the game. I'm very disappointed as this was a fun game but I don't have it in me to do all that I did all over again especially after you found 72 of 77 trophies and maxed out about 40 of them.
I love this game ive been playing it for 3 years just about and every minute playing it was realy fun. The bosses and enemys are all very unique, the weopons and tools are all very unique as well and not to mension all the blocks and building materials that you can make huge buildings with. The reason i rated 4 stars is becouse of the bugs and glitches that not just me have noticed fix them and il rate 5!
The game didnt work but they immediately fixed it. When you get it it will seem like a 2d minecraft but keep playing it's 100000000 times better than minecraft with a ton more bosses, items, weapons and mobs get it NOW and i promise it will be one of the best games you've ever played.
OK so i put a water source on a 3 by 1 slab (yes it was hammered flat) with blocks on the side, it didn't work like in the tutorial. Am I missing something or does that come in a later update. Thx p.s. gemspark waterfalls also don't work, if solved or replied to reasonably will get a 5 star
Terraria is so fun and adventurous! I have so many cool items! The only bad thing is that there is no local multiplayer like there is on PC, and also please add the Moon Lord end boss and yo-yos like there is on pc. Please add global or something multiplayer! PLEASE FIX 😑
My brother has been playing with me and i just got it to my phone that i can now join games! But idk if i can get the new update. He can see the moon in the backround i cant. Thats not the problem (the moon). Idk what is new. When i started him off he had potions and when i start off all i gett is a sword pick and axe. Help plz.
I love this game. I'll admit, I pirated this game at first because who would want to pay $5 for this? Well after playing it for a little while I felt bad and decided to pay the developers for this awesome game that they've made. Plus I hear there's an update coming out early next year that will make the mobile version have everything the PC version has. However, I use a GameSir controller for my phone and it would be nice if it had controller support (just like the Xbox version). Definitely buy this game.
How do I get beck my lost MLG characters cause i had shadow armour and all of a sudden it doesnt load! :( pls tell me how to fix this loss i even reinstall it but it makes it worse cause it REMOVES everything. Either way one of the best 2D games out there. Better than Minecraft! 5*
I've had mobile Terraria since 2012/2013. And gosh, it's changed alot. So many new things have been added that make the game SO much more fun and worth it. It's one of the few gems on Google Play if you ask me. It may not be as great as PC- but it's still good in its own way.
But here's a bug to report and it is new I think: I just beat it. And haven't played for awhile and when I opened the game, it said Continue Night 1 like it never saved all my progress!! Scott Cawthon would you please fix this???
I have waited so long for SL to be on mobile. I have also avoided any gameplay that has to do with Sister Location and it has been so hard, AND I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS IS ON MOBILE! THANK YOU SO MUCH SCOTT! YOU ARE THE BEST! I CANT WAIT TO SEE WHAT AWAITS ME! Edit: Now I have been playing this game and I love it! SL is the best one in the whole entire series! I got a laptop for Christmas and  on there and I bought FNAF 1-4 & SL and also FNAF World and I saw a popcorn cut scene after you complete each night and then I did watch gameplay of this game after I had finished it and they also had the popcorn cutscene and a Purple Guy cutscene after you complete Custom Night or something like that. Please add those cutscenes to the mobile port it would mean a lot to me and apparently a lot of other people too that play it on mobile. Anyway THIS IS LITERALLY THE BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Scott, I love this game, I truly do. There is a problem, though. I've completed night 5 and completed Baby's minigame and I was ready to unlock the secret ending, but when I closed the app and opened it later, it reset all of my progress and I have to play from night 1 again. I love the story and the lore of this game, and if you fix this bug, I will gladly rate 5 stars. Thank you for your time and effort going into this game. :)
I loved the game but i can't go talk to baby when she talks about how many children were in the room with her. I also don't get to see the purple guy cut seen when I beet a custom night on very hard mode. I really want to be able to do those things. Please add or fix them!
i cant pass night 3 because bonnie wont move out from behind freddy then i get the jumpscare when he is noware in sight just behind freddy and i want to play the mini game and hear baby talk a bout the children but cant...also why is dialogue cut from the audio guy? other than that pretty fun just those problems
Its a great game but i cant open it on my tablet at all. As soon as i click on the app icon is crashes. On my phone on night 2 the camera in Freddys room it's always up so i can't see where Freddy is at all. Plz fix then i give five stars for all! Other than this is a great game! Worth the money!
On Night 2 after you've crawled through Bellora's Gallery and bring up the interface, it does not go down. The buttons for the rooms become useless, and you can't see the room. Why does the interface screen stay up? Please fix, and I'll rate five stars. On a side note, PLEASE BRING BACK FNAF WORLD!!! Or at least a mobile platform. I never got the chance to play it on Steam before you pulled it, and now all I have is a tablet. I've watched a lot of the playthroughs, and I'm VERY interested. PLEASE?!?!?!?!?!?
It is epic
This is the best game I have
The best game ever loved it
Best game ever! Period.
GGG bro
Its simply a great game
does it reck your computer????????
Good and I like it
It is just awesome
I hate it when I am in a coop game with a friend or stranger and it disconnects and doesn't even let me try to connect back just because I hit my tabs button on my phone on accident. On the Galaxy S6 it's so easy to hit the tabs button when you hold it sideways, and if you touch it, you disconnect from whoever and cannot connect back
Ninja Kiwi returns with his tried and true formula in Monkey Bloons TD5. As an avid follower of this series, I immediately purchased the title as soon as I saw it. Taking all the formulas of Bloons TD4, and a healthy mixture of what worked in Monkey Bloon City.  MBTD5 has great enjoyment factors of your normal Tower Defense, mixed with the addiction of Towers previous from MBC.  I am already addicted and engrossed in this title. With plenty to unlock, and upgrade, I HIGHLY recommend. No pay to win also!!
Lost all my progress! This was by far my most played and favorite mobile game. So I was very annoyed when I logged in to play one day to find I had lost all of my progress. I tried everything I could find only to fix it but to no avail. Thanks to this my rating is going down to 2 stars
My favorite tower defence game! Has only one flaw: the game UI resets after the round ends. Which means you will get interrupted while you're placing towers when the round ends. Very annoying, but didn't stop me from buying the game when it was on sale!
I really love this game and spend a lot of time on it but today i opened the app and it logged me into my google play account but i had lost everything except for the achievements. Really unhappy about this. Any help will be muchly appreciated
I love the game it is awesome. Until it destroyed my progress and wiped it off and even if I sign in with my Google account it still doesn't work. This got me very mad and if not fixed in 1month I will uninstall , don't test me.
ALMOST best game ever, period. I seriously have COUNTLESS hours playing this game and it's still my go-to. That's not just because the game is fun, it's also because nothing gets in the way of the fun. These devs are AWESOME at preserving the EXPERIENCE...ads aren't all over the place, you don't constantly have to buy or wait for cool-downs, etc...you just play. SO GLAD there are still games like this out there...fun games that are just games, not billboards/cash registers.
I have a nexus 6P running 6.0.1 and the game only runs for about 7 minutes and crashes. Still doing it. March 18th. Paid apps should probably work on the current platform stably. Extremely disappointed.
Waste of money. My cat is stuck under the ground!
Its ok btu i also ahve a question how do you be a housecat?
It's fun could y'all make a dog one like it just more realistic
Epic Thats all I have to say
It's a ni've game they should make a ultimate dog simulator
It's awesome but MY CAT IS INVISIBLE! Plz help!
I need help....How do you becone tame?
This game is highly addicting and, to say the least, difficult. However, it is not recommended for the common rage-quitter nor is it for one without patience. It takes practice to become good at this game (that's why there's a practice mode). There's tens of thousands of levels to enjoy beyond the built-in ones. The graphics are greatly improving and the (featured) user levels are without a doubt beautiful! For one person to develop such an amazing game takes lots of talent. Keep it awesome!  All in all, this game is super addicting and completely amazing. 5/5.
One of the best games I had ever played in my life. If you have not downloaded it, DOWNLOAD IT NOW! If you can't buy the full version, you can always buy the lite version instead. :)  RubRub, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE 2.1 UPDATE! I have waited so long for this! Also tell me if there is going to be a 2.2 Update in the future :3  Overall EXCELLENT GAME!
2.1 is great. But there is still issues. A app shouldn't take a year to get an update (Im gonna be in the grave by the time this app reaches 3.0), online is super laggy now, and online levels take forever to load, usually requiring many refreshes, and you keep releasing other GD apps (World and meltdown) without reason, why not just add them to the full game, and hardly any feedback or input from the devs, just an occasional tweet, and often leaves us in the dark. GD is a good game, but it could have better care
This game is far too amazing, outstanding, and far beyond words. This is one of my favourite games that I play everyday. Just one issue though-when please load custom objects into the server (when switching devices) as I have to build all my custom things again. Other than this minor issue, thanks Robtop for coming up with this awesome game!
The game is challenging but fun because of the music and levels I don't think I have any complaints about this game.(this is my review for 2.1 update): the lost gauntlets don't work it says "something's went wrong please try again" pls fix it.But I enjoy the spider and the new FingerDash. The create mode is really complicated well that's what I think anyway. But great update!! :D
I cannot see my account in 2.1 nor others accounts. And even though I have an account, it says I need an account to add friends. The leader boards are down aswell, but overall great update. I hope these bugs get fixed, but 2.1 is amazing with its new features, levels, icons, level creator options, etc. Also: I am playing this on a Samsung galaxy s4. Please and thank you!
Love Love Love Love Love Love Love LLOOOOVVVEEEEEE!!!Geometry Dash RobTop Rocks, Keep up the good work guys! And I'm rlly exited to when the 3rd island comes out on Geometry Dash and I need help with doing my Hellfire Demons V2 cause I'm only new... Got the game 4 days ago, And how do you get the full version of geometry dash WORLD
I play this game everyday. I love playing the levels and enjoy creating my own ones even more. The level creater is confusing at first, but over time you learn what everything dose and it works very nicely. The lost gauntlets have come out just today and they are really refreshing. They are all community made levels put together and as I write this there is fire and ice (I suspect poison will be next) available with 5 levels in each.  TL:DR Lots of fun things to do and just endless fun. Worth is wait for 2.1
Nexus 6P on Marshmallow, can't even start the game.
It's great, I don't mind the screen ratio. I do wish it had a fixed stick option though, it'd make programming gamepad mapper easier.
The skateboard is constantly all glitchy. Everytime I touch the board, it changes the board from no damage or wear to completely messed up. It's not necessarily too bad of a problem, but it would be sweet if the board looked legit
The game used to be good but now all their doing is making really bad maps and over charging you for them.  Stop focusing on how much buildings you can throw into the background and make maps like you used to. The new MACBA map is terrible.
It's a really cool game, great control scheme, amazing graphics, etc. But unfortunately it is saturated with in app purchases. For a paid game, you can barely do anything without pumping more money into it. I would be fine paying $5-10 for the game and having no iap's than this hell.
look this is a cool game.  once you get used to them the controls are fantastic.  Best skate game on the market.  However the devs are overly greedy.  Only comes with one small map for 1.99? Cmon guyz wtf. SHAME! The extent to which this game is monetized is truly appalling.
It's a very good and fun game. Controls and options and everything about the game is perfect and fun. Fun challenges too! But there should be more free parks. The same one gets boring after a while
I rarely buy games but I thought this looked good but when I beat the tutorial I wanted to play a different park just to see I need to pay for 1.99 FOR A SINGLE PARK!? YOU ALREADY TOOK MY MONEY WHY DO YOU NEED MORE?!?!?
Takes every single chance to make a pass at your wallet. Why did I even pay for this game when it only asks for moooooore money. Shameful. I regret the one dollar I spent on it:/
When I buy a game I expect to be able to progress to new areas without having to buy the area. This game makes you pay for everything including itself. Do not buy unless you are willing to spend $2 just to get a new area..or willing to spend real money just to get in game money which is also a pain to earn.
Very good game.  I have been playing daily.  However I would enjoy possibly a link to a manual to explain icons and some processes.  But if you love learning by trial and error, this would be superb.
Great game and love the upgrades. One criticism though. Have purchased the new Dragun but it is still unavailable in my armoury.
If you don't connect to Facebook then your progress is not saved and you have to contact support team to restore your progress. Which is a time taking task. Please add Google play game syncing.
The best sniper game on Android Hitman sniper is possibly the best sniper game on Android. Weather your new to the series or a begginer (like me) it is one of best games you will ever buy And trust me, you won't regret it!  #
Not bad but not cool. Nice weapons.  The boring point : targets are always move on a exact same way.
Taken a star off as even though this is a paid for game there are rifles which you can buy for 79p to give you a quick boost in damage.
Scott is one of my favourite game creaters ever. I simply love fnaf. The easter eggs, mini games, jumpscares, everything. And since the third game came out, everybody is sad because this is the end of Freddy's time. WE WILL MISS YOU FREDDY!! I give you 100 stars! But your not my favourite, Foxy is. And on the behalf of all Five Nights at Freddy's fans, thank you Scott for making such a wonderful game for all of us to get scared of and love at the same time :). (If you are Reding this Scott, could there possibly be a fourth game?)
I love this game so much,I've seen so many people find rare secrets in it, but I'm to focused trying not to die and have a heart attack. I only had one mini game to play and I'm on night 6... I also couldn't get past night 6 in the thirst game and so I bought cheat's I wish you put a cheat for the second one too!  (; all your games are amazing!!! (:
Once you get the game downloaded it plays and and runs wonderfully.  I wish that they would have us download a Downloader first that downloads the rest to bypass google giving us the 900 error. Lowered to two starts for the lack of the social club actually loading.  Can't sign into an account that was working before.  I need a refund
I still own the ones you bought out on ps1. This gta is the best from my point of view... BUT. I only have one problem with the phone version... the controles 😕. I own the mad catz c.t.r.l'r for android and it would be really awesome if you guys could make it so i could assign my own controls too the controler. Please ☺ thank you if you do. And ill give you that missing star too 😋
I found myself playing this game loads, I had it first on my iPod touch and used the cloud save to keep my progress when moving over, and it worked! I would like it if it had a lot more upgrades for cars such as engines, gearing etc and needs all cars and buggys upgradeable. Plus BIKE UPGRADES, great game but far from perfected
Guys help please! i gave the game 5 stars because i like it so much. But there's a probleme that im facing now when changed devices i had all my data saved on a samsung alpha device, now i reinstalled the game on my new samsung s6 edge and i loged in, and there was no cloud save. Please help me find a way to fix this! Thank you
Love it! I grew up playing this all the time and now I feel old as ish because I can play it on my phone now. Def a great game to play and graphics are amazing.. BUT.. will have to tweak the display settings to run smoothly unfortunately. Love how the cloud setting is on here and makes it easier to move game data from device to device! I love playing it just wish I could have the settings a little higher to enjoy the remastered version better. Looking forward to get Liberty City Stories next!
I bought this game a awhile back. I decided to download it to my new phone and the game play is really slow so I uninstalled it but on my laptop it works find. On my laptop its great no problems and very little lag. I'm actually in San  Fiero working for wozzy and so far it been great playing this childhood game..
Remember this so well from when I was a kid, simply cannot stop playing it!!.                                                   Graphics settings on max are top notch, no lag no freezing. I have a Samsung s5 with no issues at all. Controls are fine. Your playing gta in your hand ffs, it's gonna be a little harder of course. Those of you with weird named android phones/ tablets,  it's the device, not the game. Well done rockstar,  keep up the great work
Hi Scott Cawthon this game is really awesome and scary and gets my heart beating every time! One bug in Bonnie and Chica's jumpscares is they just sit there for about 20 to 30 seconds which is a bit weird and also when it hits six a.m. it shows that it is six a.m. but waits 20 to 40 seconds before showing the "you beat the night" screen. If you fix those it will be even better. But overall it is awesome!!! I also have fnaf 2 and 3 and they are also great. Can't wait for fnaf 4! Great job!
I Rated 2 but fogot  1 lol its a great game love the play style on n 6 so doing gd I wish freddys nose would squeak like on pc but still a 10000000 star game can you survive the night listener to this comment well download the game and test your skill.... and if you allready  have it what are you doing here go PLAY!!
To start off, I'd like to state that this game is very well done. The horror theme, jumpscares, and animatronic characters keep me entertained. I do have one issue with it, however. Whenever I get to the "Night 5" level, and as soon as I'm about to finish it, the game crashes. It has happened numerous times already; when this is fixed, I will rate five stars.
The first few nights should be made harder. Upon first purchasing the game I breezed through nights 1, 2 and 3 with little to no animatronics near the doors. I died on night four at 5AM because of power loss. Overall it is an engaging game which I would recommend but it lacks challenge early on.
Finally got the game and I loved it! I definitely felt my heart beat faster and blood level rise when playing this! As a kid, Chuck E. Cheese always creeped me out and this game pretty much illustrates what we all think Chuck E. Is really like, lol. All I can say is that Scott and his kids did an awesome job with the game and I enjoy the uniqueness of the plot. ;)
SPOILER ALERT: if you are stuck on any night, i have a advantage for you. Only check foxy and freddy because they are important. Also for the other two, check the doorlights. This might not work for me, but try it yourself. This game is amazing but add a foxy plushie. And also make a mode in the shop that you can kill animatronics. Otherwise, FREAKING AMAZING GAME!
Amazing! I Hope You Make 4 Where The Trailer Says You Seen The End But You Haven't. Seen The Beginning Number 4 Should Be Fredbears Family Diner In The Day Time By The Way Did You Confirm Five Nights At Freddy's. the Movie Well Actually. Maybe FNAF 3 Might Be The Last One And The New Game You Make Is Called Five Days At Freddy's
They really need to update the game because the cheats ( more than the game $4.99) don't work at all. The screen at the beginning says that they are on but in the game nothing at all. Please fix it Scott! Thanks.☺ Besides that IT'S THE BEST,SCARIEST, FUNEST, GAME EVER ( I don't care if FUNEST isn't a word it's still the best game I've had. But please fix the glitch I only want the cheats so that I can see where they are and that I don't die of power.😊 Thanks!
Its a cool game. But if u want to find the easter egg u need to have custom night  there been a lot of talk about it. And supposealy been patched but it still works enter 1987 in costom  night in order or els it will not work  golden Freddy will pop out if u don't believe me look it up
Bought for my son, won't even open game, just shows pic and closes, waste of 6.49. This game was a waste of money, bought and paid for this game, and it doesn't work! Can't get my money back on my Google play card, for a game that actually works!
I can't even complete the first level due to the game not allowing me to switch character costumes when I follow the directions exactly, nor am I able to actually complete tasks at all. I'm hoping you fix this in an update
Been playing through the x360 version with my son, and this is so close its scary to think its on a phone! No idea how easy it is using the touch controls, but works flawlessly with a dualshock 3 on my Xperia Z3
Get to the 3rd level and the game keeps exiting on it's own!! What a disappointment! More money wasted!! Fix it & i'll fix my rating...until then 2 thumbs down!!! :-[
After you beat the larfaeezes attack level...you're supposed to go back to the watchtower and get the yellow microchip but I either can't figure it out its just not happening like it's supposed to on my game. I think it has a glitch. Helppp
I would love this game if it wasn't so glitchy. I originally bought it for my son but I started playing it because it was a little too hard for him. I've been stuck on a level for awhile now and after keep having to restart my ipad, it's gotten to the point where I'm ready to give up and ask for a refund. I'm downloading a Marvel Avengers game now, hoping this one will work better.
I've managed to get to the bat rocket level but now batman won't change suits and I can no longer play. Waste of money.
First off, we can't offensive rebound in MyCareer. Literally. Cause there isn't a button for it when you're on offense. WTH? Next, we're stuck with 5 minute quarters with no option to change it? There was nothing on this on the settings for MyCareer. And no, the one from the main menu DOES NOT have any effect on the quarter length for MyCareer. Edit: Even the stats on MyCareer is broken (up to 4 games only). Was this game even tested out before release?? At least the graphics looks good. SMH.
This game has nice graphics and all but the controls are complete trash. Defense is nearly impossible and unless you are using a character with at least 80 mid shot your only going to shoot about 20%. I really wanted to like this game and I am still trying but it is very bad personally.
Refund needed. This game lags extremely the graphics are worse than nba live. Definitely had higher hopes for this game. Completely not satisfied. All around horrible in every way.
Finally, commentary is fixed now which was a real problem by previous NBA 2k's! More features on MyCareer and overall improvement from the previous 2k. Keep up the good work!
Hi! It gradually lags on the galaxy a7 2016. With settings on low. I hope this game would further improve regarding its performance. I want my moneys worth.
Its good but I cant change minutes on myCareer mode. Its frustrating because i dont get the average i should be getting while AI get their realistic average. Just unfair.
Cant even play a quick game or my career or even season. Without it closing out please fix this. Immediately.
Still bad game.. the update is still not steady and high graphics are still horrible that causes so much lag even at medium. And also I noticed that Lakers Coach name was Luke Walton at the same time the body of Byron Scott. Improve more the game.
It brings you're imagination to life its really good for kids it gives them a chance with new things and also very cheap for a game like this I normally would have thought this was a stupid game but my friends told me about it so I downloaded it thank you🐯
Amazing port, UI gets unresponsive sometimes, but its very rare. But it really needs more different content. It has a lot of more or less good puzzle levels but thats it. This game has a lot of potential as shown by some of its predecessors, but here you use only the puzzle part of it. Some action levels and a level builder are a must.
Funny how the world, but it was for a few years place to live with it, and I have to tell u that I am not a good time. the first time. the first time. the first time. the first time. I have another question for the first comprehensive and the benefits of the authors of my life chase the night before the game is at least one more time. the only thing I have a question for the lost ecosystem. I have another 33 the first comprehensive effort the first comprehensive effort to directly compare the impacts of bio
Terrible graphics. It can also be "absolutely infuriating" trying to pick up anything you create to hand to someone. After about 15mins of trying to pick up and drop an axe for a Fireman to use I literally want to drive to the developers workplace and have a violent bowel movement on someone's desk. Please for the love of my sanity make picking up objects you create easier.
This game is great.There is no bad parts.Fun levels, addictive, and makes you really think. It also has a great price. Just want to say I think you only have to pay $1.00 more for anything that is coming in the future. But, I may have misunderstood.
Hi I did't want to buy the extra levels it cowt I think 99 cents and if you can give it back like other games thanks. Will rate 5 stars btw
Don't know if this is a problem on my side, but on some levels the character or objects just aren't showing. Example:making the lion disappear, the walls and switches are there, but I cannot see them. The 1st level 3rd world, transform the guy into a dragon, I give him 1 potion and he vanishes... makes the game unplayable.
I bought this game and I can't download the update in the game b/c all of a sudden it said I have 0 mb so I looked at my storage Andi have 6.41 gig's
The autobrake and other controls run by the AI are horrible - run a bit wide to avoid traffic and see your speed drop for no reason. Add in over aggressive cops that can catch and smash into you at any speed, as well as later opponents who are just insanley fast the game becomes a giant annoyance.
So after playing the game for a while I decided to agree that it is a fun game I'll give it that, and the graphics are amazingly good for a mobile game. Yet, it's repetitive and gets dull after a while which takes the fun away and eventually makes it into a chore to do when doing missions, and there's no free roam. &gt;.&gt;
When using controller it doesn't work keep doing 360 not going anywhere on my NVIDIA shield TV and Nexus 7 fix please and thank you
I spent  money on this game buying over $20.00 of this games 'in-app purchases' to make the game better. Then my cell phone broke and I had to get a new one.  After I got my new cell phone I reloaded this game but after trying to get ALL of my "in-app purchases Back with zero luck. So I contacted the developer and this developer had "not a care in the world" to help me with what I Paid the 💩Bag for. TOTALRIP OFF DEVELOPER!
It's addicting. I wish there was more races you could compete in though after you beat it. It took me 2 days to beat and I'm already working on getting NFS: No Limits and playing that too!
I would give all Stars if u make it so u can make your own custom person
I love the graphics and stuff but why do you have to sign in to steam thingy stuff to make your own stuff I like the remix better and the setting is horrible  😠
It's awesome but can you have it free or at the very least lower da price because it is kinda sad I need to pay money.
I don't know what to say this is AMAZING I CAN'T STOP PLAYING IT😍😍😍😍
Every time I go in the start menu and part press start it says "Scribblenauts has crashed"
Very fun game and if you are going to buy a map DLC like me it's not a new world it's a sandbox and if you have made this mistake like I have just get a refund☺
I bought the game but have never been able to play it. I don't have the files apparently. Pls fix or give me a refund. :(
It would be a great well used game in our house if we could actually get though one game with out it crashing! Such a shame
I can't believe how many times I've played this game and everytime I was having fun it booted me out. Really not worth any money but the rare times you actually FINISH the game you are playing, it's fun. I am REALLY starting to hate this game now because every time I play it, it kicks me out!! Do NOT download, so not worth it.
Brill game. Only 2 star as it keeps stopping mid game and kicking me off. Having to pay for a game that fails.
I do not normally leave reviews, however, this game deserves one. Everything you love from the PC version is well articulated into this mobile version from Atari. The controls are absolutely brilliant. Not being able to adjust the entrance fee from free is a rather small dilemma though, preventing you from bringing  in the cash flow you need to progress slightly faster. That should in no way be a reason for you to pass on this as it is the same RTC you remember, just in your pocket. A++
I used to play this game all the time.  So far this port is awesome but there are a few tweaks or updates you should consider. In the original RCT I remember you could put an entrance fee to the park. Also there's too much vandalism or litter coming from the guests. I have a bunch of guards and handyman and it still not enough.  Please fix this problem and this game will be golden just I remember good old RCT was!!!. Thank you. Can you please  be more specific  On what the updates have brought to the game..
Just as remembered from my childhood. The touch controls make sense although I have issues placing pre built coasters in the exact spot I want them at times. Also I thought there used to be a sandbox mode but have been unable to locate it. Very impressed though!😀
Yesterday my wife was in labor with our 2nd boy for 12 hours...time went fast - for me haha. I'm happy I found your game! Works amazing, very well ported! I'm shocked with how small the download was. Thank you!
Updating review after restarting phone/app. Wonderful android rendition of the desktop game. Devs: not sure what happened, but the issue resolved itself? If it happens again, I'll send the requested info! Thanks a bunch!!
Finally ported to mobile. Its games 1 and 2 combined! Loving that they did not change a single thing except for the ui which is neat. PS. Lower one square of land infront of an exit and fill it with water if youre feeling homicidal.
Absolutely amazing! I think they've really managed to do Roller Coaster Tycoon justice with this game. It contains ALL of the features from the original games, while still running smoothly. Also I love the fact that you can play it anywhere you go! The controls are good and work well, but can be quite small when using a phone, sometimes making it hard or strenuous on your eyes to press the right buttons! But this is something I can get over for how well the game looks, runs and plays. This is definitely worth the £6 because there are NO in app purchases (except from expansion packs), so you really do get the full experience. I am also happy the developers are making sure the game is updated as time goes on and acknowledging any bugs/issues! 100% recommend if you're a fan of the RCT series!
I really like this game I just got it but it seems like there's this bug on the pet store tournament I have the dog suit but every time I try to enter it robin says the same line he says before you get the dog suit Andi don't think I can progress in the game without beating that tournament please help
Who said there was no adds? There isn't! But anyways I just wanted to tell y'all how amazing this game is. #1. Is that there's all your favorite characters on this game. You can buy cyborg and you can even buy sticky Joe!:)And do amazing championships!!!😍Do buy this game PLEASE!😦
So far I love it. Not too many games get my attention like this. It's not freemium, which is a bonus. If they can put out one with an online multiplayer, that would be cool.
I really liked the game, but it keeps freezing my tablet, the kind of freeze that i have to force shutdown of the device. Too bad, i would like to play it more
At first I was sceptical about buying it but since it was on sale I got it and it's the best game ever. I love collecting new dc Hero's and the style of the game is Amazing. I wish there were more side missions and more characters
This game is perfect again. It's one of the best games in the app store and with the free update that added new figs and missions, it just got better. I don't mind paying for expansions to this game. It is worth it.
You will love it and you will beat it. Hopefully they keep adding more and more to this or maybe copy this format for other dc games. Can't wait to see what's next, got my fingers crossed for sooner rather than later!
Surprisingly fun and simple RPG game! Collect 77 figures of DC Heroes and Villains done in the cool Teen Titans art style! No microtransactions! Pay once and play a fully fledged game! No paying for coins or figures with real money.
This game is very addictive and fun. I loved it. All the collecting and figure battling is very fun. Would be great if you guys added more missions and story. Also, the graphics are awesome and there are very few glitches. Once again, AMAZING!!!
I had a really good profile with top tier pre hard mode weapons armour and equipment on a cloud save. when I got on today EVERYTHING WAS GONE please if you are going to buy this game DO NOT make a cloud save character. Otherwise I love this game and I really don't want to restart. It is definitely one of my favorites.
New comment! Great game, really addicting! But you should add tameable bosses and mobs, like a pet slime. That would be so cute! And a way to be able to have split screen to have 2 of your players from the same device in the same word at one time. And PLEASE, unlimited character and world slots like on computer and PS4 and Xbox. Plz. Anyway, aside from that, it would also help if you made ether game with all the items from all platforms. And more NPCs you get from having certain items. And how on earth do you write on signs?! Thank you people!    He he, just read extended world. So awesome! Keep updating frequently!
Literally.  Tons of fun and content, proving single player games on mobile can be great.  Also, recent patch broke one of my world's, causing me to nearly flip a table.  However, within a week there was a critical patch to fix it.  Great support, and they continue to add content.  P.S. Please maybe add default controller controls instead of proprietary game pads.
Love it! In my opinion, this is better than minecraft! Sadly, I want a new character, but it always says:"Character name:Silvia was created with a newer version of terraria" Also, when it crashes, it sends the terrain back to before I played the session, but keeps inventory and chests. Wish the game would have a manual save (not like, doesn't save by itself, but saves when you press it) button. Also, wish there was an option to not show certain accersories on character.
Going poop has never been this fun. Controls could be more sensitive OR have adjustments. Needs cloud based multiplayer, either co-op or one at a time shared map. Could use zombie difficulty control in settings (creative/easy/what it is now/apocalypse mode). Game is better than Minecraft on phone & tablet. FPS is only fun on PC, imho. Worth $5? Meh?? If you got the loot. Besides free, this is my first Android game. If this Dev gives frequently good updates, Terraria could outsell Minecraft.
1. I crafted the Master Ninja Gear and dashing is somewhat difficult, especially to the right. I suggest adding a 'fixed' joystick option. 2. I would love to see online multiplayer. Local is fun but not always an option for obvious reasons. If you happen not to add multiplayer soon, at least add a way to type. I can't communicate to anyone unless we are literally talking to each other. Thanks for making, updating and maintaining this game, I've beat this version, can't wait for more!
Incredible mobile game, one of the first fully realized AAA titles on Android.  No stupid IAP, micro-transactions or paywalls after initial purchase.  Vast, procedurally-generated worlds with numerous biomes and biome-specific items, bosses and events, making for great replayability.  A deep, relaxing game of crafting and building OR a PVE game OR multiplayer. Even has a great tutorial and cloud save to sync across devices.  Playing on Nexus 6p and I have no problems with controls, even as an older gamer.
I love this game a TON, but I have an issue. It won't let me connect to Google Services and on my 1 only world, it gets rid of my door and 1 wood on my house on the left, but it only changes that. It also deleted 100+ wood I had in my inventory for no reason. It's kinda starting to aggravate me. But I just bought it today and I KNOW it's a great game. I hope you guys can fix it. Thank you! (Will rate 5 stars for sure if fixed)
I honestly love the FNaF series and to see Sister Location on mobil was amazing. At first I couldn't beat Funtime Freddy on night 3 (where you have to reboot the system) but once I finally did I can't beat the final night cuz I die a few steps after Baby tells me to go forward. If some one can tell me what to do that would be wonderful. Otherwise this game is fantastic.
I love it but there isn't a walk button ;-; is that supposed to be like that? Like when you go through Ballora's gallery. Unless that's just my phone. Also for the audio of the light switch in Baby's room and for Foxy's light it was playing before I touched them, same with the walking sounds for going back across Ballora's room. If that's just my phone doing that then ignore this! Also for this game it didn't feel like it had much action to it in my opinion ;-; but I still love the game! :D
A great port of the game, however I did find a bug on night two when you are rebooting the system the monitor would stay up over the top and I will be able to play the recording as well as reboot the system. I did also fid the touch control to be a bit unresponsive at times when moving though funtime auditorium. However this is the best port of any Five Nights at Freddy's game.
I love the whole game, it is awesome but I am playing on tablet and on night 5 when baby guides me through fun time auditorium I can't seem to figure out how to turn when baby tells me to. Therefore I get jump scared by Enerd. The problem is that I tried almost every move I could think of, Swiping, tapping to the left of the screen, ECT. I even tried walking straight completely. Can someone pls tell me how?
In the game when I play custom night runtime frenzy on very hard it plays just good at first but then after Freddy says ready for round two he goes silent and Bonnie kills me relentlessly
OMG scott thank you really much for releasing this game I've been waiting so long for this epic game to come and it's finally here omg I can't even thank you enough for this awesome game I've been a fan of you ever since the very first game of five nights at freddy's! So thank you,Thank you extremely much for this masterpiece you've converted a big part game into a mobile port so thank you and see you again soon!! 😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
It is so fun
It is spectacular
Funny
Love the game, I've played BTD Battles and this one and loved them! The only thing I think should be added is special rewards for having some of your other games
Absolutly gutted been playing this game for a long time, just saved up enough coin for a really expensive game and a forced advertisement meant i lost all of my purse. Leaving me with nothing... do i start this long process again of months of playing to get to the same point and risk it all again...probably not... very disappointed. :(
So,basically i come back to this game after a while of not playing it and every single one of my purchases as well as my level have been reset? I have tried to restore all my purchases but nothing has happened? Can i get some help please?
I had everything unlocked and saved to my cloud and connected to my facebook, but I have to start over? I even spent money on that account...
Great, Apart from getting a "verifying game license" so I unstalled and re-install still. Thats cause nothing else would work. So now I have to restart. Not cool.
This game changed my life. No joke.  One morning I woke to an empty 10,000 Sq. Ft. mansion and a note from my wife and kids. I'll spare you the details but it was signed F YOU DAD. Love, Bobby & Sally. I didn't even know I had a son, to be honest. Anyway, I immediately thought of this game, it's seen me through so much. Surely it would get me through this as well! It did, my friends. It did.
Love this game so much fun. Only bad thing every time I switch phones I have to restart from the beginning so bye bye level 60. Even signing in with the Google account doesn't help and have to restart everything again.
THIS WAS WORTH THE MONEY... The quality is great there R no glitches This might be the best game ever created of course in my opinion People like Pepe could think diffrent. 😀💫
I tried to get back on after a few months but it just reset me to rank 1. Not worth my money if I wasted a ton of time beating the levels. Your service is probably bad too. Won't reply at all. Not worth my time trying to get back to the same rank.
I love how you can choose your kind of cat 🐱.
I think it's great but I can't find the bosses
Its New :o
This game is awesome although sometimes it is a bit in realistic
Cool I love this game
This is the best game ever
OMG OMG I LOVE IT
IT'S AMAZING!!
Game's fun and addictive. Great variety of levels and the music is so cool. My only issue is that there are times where the game won't register that I'm holding down the screen, which gets annoying. This is most noticeable when I'm on the spaceship or the wave. If you could please fix this issue, I would highly appreciate it. Otherwise, awesome game :)
I love this game withall my heart. Ive gotten past so many levels and hours of playing. THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED. I reccomend you download this game NOW! Just one question, wheb I try to go into the missing gauntlets it always says please tryagain later. I dont know if its my phone (htc one m8) or if its my connection. Overall AWESOME GAME!!!
New update is very laggy and glitchy. I teleport one place to the other. I was on clubstep, but when the update came there was currency you could use. So I wanted to start on stereo madness to gain money but I can't even finish it because of lag, glitches and teleportation! I'll rate it 5 stars when this is fixed!
It's a shame I had to pay over 2 dollars to a game with glitches on at least 30% of all of my runs. These glitches would mainly consist of me skipping ahead in the level by about 10% and me dying instantaneously. If they could fix this then the game would otherwise be flawless.
(To the people who are thinking adout getting this)          It's the best mobile game, even tho it's so hard. I recommend this game, it's not math however. But it's really good and buetifull.             To rubtub, I recommend adding online play mode, and a mode in game that turns you to a spike and spike don't hurt, maby a 3d mode to make us have more rage, and an in game  thing that alows buttons to press pls. Thx
The new update is just amazing. Everything here is just great. Just one thing. There are few glitches that need to be fixed, but nothing that messes up the perfection of the game. would definitely reccomend. It has everything a good game should have. Challenge, good graphics, fun characters, secrets, and an amazing level editor. I rate 5 stars on everything.
Well overall this game is pretty good except none of the online features are loading for me (ex. when I go into the featured page it shows a loading screen and then pops up with nothing) I don't know if its the app or its just my wifi being stupid... and also none of the player profiles are loading either :/ its probably just because the update just came out idk...
The game has gotten extremely good since 2.1. There are now plenty of collectable items and mysteries that actually keep me intrigued and wanting to gain more. Still getting used to the new features and all, but it's definitely worth it. There is a bug I found with Quests where it was saying my new Quests were coming in 2 minutes. But then once the time past it pushed back the wait time to 7 hours. Minor bug, but it should be fixed. Thank you RobTop for such an awesome game!
I love the new update... specifically that the saved levels don't get rearranged when you bring them up to date. Sure it requires Internet now  to play saved levels, but I love how I can have 100+ levels all in one place. Seriously... don't change a thing, it's amazing
Once I get in the game, guess what I see? Pay for this game and a whole bunch of other stuff has to be bought with real cash! Not worth it if you are looking for just fun. I'm definitely getting a refund.
It's a fun game. The price of new levels went up yet the content is still lacking. Goals are few, frustring, and not rewarding. It's fun to just skate around but the actual content is lame.
This is the best mobile game but the finger registration on samsung is garbage compared to iPhone. If you want to actually enjoy this game get an iphone cause I can have my sensitivity maxed and it still doesn't register anything. Fix the finger reg and maybe I'll actually play it and buy more parks
Game worked fine for a few weeks up until it started crashing randomly. It crashes and when I load up the game again all my credits are gone. Playing on a S6 Active.
Everything you want to do in this game throws a paywall at you. Want to try out a different location to skate? That'll be $1.99 per map. Want a new deck for your board? That'll be a ridiculous 20,000 credits or you can conveniently pay $0.99 for it. You completed the first set of missions relatively easily with gold medals and want some new missions? Well, better hand over most of your credits. I get they need to make a profit but it's ridiculous how they jump at any and every chance to charge for content.
However it is unbelevably exspensive. You have to pay cash for differnt parks and bords. Big let down considering you have to pay for the game itself... Greedy.
Really good graphics and gameplay. However, I feel like the game should provide more than one map as this game is a paid game... Also, the in-game currency in too hard to get and anything to buy is wayyy too expensive. I would give a much better rating if these problems were fixed
I like the gameplay and everything but can u guys add more levels, it kind of get boring after awhile
Anyone planning or on the border of thinking to play this game, please do so as its one of the finest sniper game i have found as yet. Just wish the devs give option of another map. Awesome game... Just awesome.
But wheres Death Valley? iOS has had it for a month. I'd like to play it on my own phone, no I have to play it on my wife's.
Bad Development. All my game progress just gone after I clear the cache of my tablet. Stupid
The gameplay is just like the console. It's definitely a must buy if you are into the Hitman series or if you want an amazing strategical sniper game with great graphics.
I wanted a game offline and for .99 I found a beautiful game graphics sound gameplay I wish they made more hell I'd invest in the company lol keep it up
After the upgrade even if I kill a guard next to another the other guard doesn't realize.
((!!**MORE LEVELS PLEASE**!!)) Overall a very cool game. Good gfx, AI, gameplay. Would be great if there were more levels tho, that's the biggest con here. Also, the reload key is too close to the shoot key.. All in all 9/10 LOVE IT  (::!!-MORE LEVELS PLEASE-!!::)
Nice to know that you pay for a game and then they charge you for stuff in it it ridiculous would have been nice to know of it ahead of time
Fully featured. Maxed out it has superior reflections and textures to the PC version,as well as more render distance and cars. Controls are easy to get used to and are adjustable though sometimes the adjusting is a little glitchy. The old FPS bugs of the PC game are gone you can run it without limiter with no problems
Rockstar is one of the best game developers out there! I've played every GTA game they've made, except the ones on PS Vita. Now I can play GTA Vice City & San Andreas on my phone! Funny, back in the day, the game needed a PS2 computer game console and this game maxed out it's processor. Now my phone is far more powerful than the console, with way faster loading times. Crazy how quickly we've advanced with processors and gaming! I love this game and every game of the GTA dynasty!
A huge sandbox to explore and follow through an interesting story, with a character that physically adapts to your playstyle by leveling up skills you use, IN MY POCKET. Its worth more than the playstore price but this is a must have. Noticed a weird glitch early game when i talked to ryder, i had audio of a ocean, then a radio, and by the time the cutscene was almost over then the dialogue started playing from the beginning. Other than that it plays smooth.
3 stars because the app rated itself without my knowledge or permission. Game is fun. Brings back some awesome memories from my ps2 days! Actually controls suprisingly well for a mobile game which is a HUGE bonus! Driving is still tricky as hell though. If you're on the fence I would say get it because you won't be disappointed!
Brings back a lot of the fun memories of the countless hours I spent glued to my ps2. The graphics are pretty good for mobile and it has all the aspects from the original. Unfortunately, wonky controls, occasional lag and random force closes hurt the experience a bit. It could certainly be better, but overall it's still loads of fun to play.
Everyone loves GTA San Andreas but it's port over to android isn't it's finest hour. Onscreen controls are not the best fortunately you can change the layout but even playing on a note 4 buttons are quite small. Game controller support is non existent and if you do get a controller working chances are the buttons are messed up. No mixtape in radio stations so iOS got it but not android ... again typical of android there's no cloud save support.
However difficult to control vehicles, so a wider range of control options should be implemented and designed very carefully. I haven't experimented with the different options for controlling vehicles, but it is much easier to play on the PC which means completing some missions is very difficult.
I haven't got that far in the game play yet but seems like the PS2 game with some touch friendly tweaks. Works pretty good with the dual shock 3 controller. Buttons are a little backwards but plays almost like the original PS2 game. Allow for controller mapping and the problem would be solved. 5 stars if controller issue gets fixed. Otherwise once you get the 2+ GB download done, it's a great game and a blast from the past.
I really tried running this on a Samsung Galaxy S3 Moga Pro Controller. The button layout was unusable. Now I'm using a Samsung Galaxy S7 and a steelseries controller. The game seems playable however you still don't have the ability to map your own buttons. It also doesn't follow the original Xbox controller layout even though you're basically using an Xbox controller. Lag time still seems to be a little bit of an issue however it's gotten better I don't know if that's a faster phone or better controller.
It feels like the game goes by faster  on mobile devices than it does on PC. I understand why Scott did that, but I wish I could play the game as it was on PC. I think there should be an option in the main menu to set it to a quick game or a regular one. Also, some of the animations in the  game (such as when you die) are kind of choppy as compared to the PC version. I feel that should be fixed. But otherwise, this game is awesome.
I loved both Scott's games and beat the custom nights. It has nearly all of the reasons Flappy Bird(game that i love that got removed from the play store) became famous. The reasons are that there are only one in app purchase that changed the meaning of the game. The other is that it's simple.  Hall Lights, the Moniter and the Doors are the gameplay buttons. It's simple but also has that intensity to it.
I love all of it. The characters, the setting, and the screams! My friends think I'm crazy for feeling sympathy for them. I do have 2 tiny requests tho, can you add golden Freddy in android version and on the warning screen put in "headphones recamended " thx if u red this scott
Absolutely amazing game! I bought and own all 3 Five Nights at Freddy's games on my PC and Galaxy S5. Very fun and I love that my heart races the whole time! Beat 20/20/20/20 mode 1st try on PC but having hard time on mobile (can't be as quick) would rate 10 stars if I could!! Cannot wait to buy and play FNaF4 The Final Chapter this Halloween!!!! Please make a port for android when it releases!
Beaten 7th night with all AI on 20 with luck from Bonnie and/or Foxy glitch. Game is hard after night 2 if you don't know how the animatronics work but their jumpscares are scary when you don't expect them. The Freddy beep sound from poster rarely works for me. Be cool if Golden Freddy poster worked on this version. But really fun game. I may get second one.
I really love th game. I can't get past night 6. It is like rediculously hard. No bugs in the game. Im really proud of you Scott, but I'm really sad that the franchize is going to end. Great job. It deserves a 500000000 star rate. Can you tell me what other games are you going to make? I just love this game so much. Thank you Scott for making this game. Everyone loves it. 😀😁😍
Crashes to often so you have to restart level.  I've got better things to do in my life than repeat levels.
Played the first stage, suddenly became so lag that nothing works, not even the buttons. Then my phone just suddenly restart by its own. Had a clean install phone. Xperia z5 lollipop 6.0.1
I only love it now to be nice. No one hurt. 😀😁😂😉😇😆😅😄😊☺😸🙌🙋😎. This is also DC and I like DC ok so yay thank you for making this game but the graphics are terrible so please fix that.
Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (Exynos) graphic bugs. Many objects are invisible. For example "white cat" or any other colored object
This is just one of those apps where it makes you think outside the box 📦. The app works perfectly. I like that you can write down things to create them. It is worth the dollar. 💵😊
After completing a level the game almost always becomes unresponsive to touch commands, requiring me to close the app, and then reopen it, just to play the next level or do anything else in the game. On galaxy s7 Edge
This game is outstanding, especially for children who can be shown to really use their imagination and have some fun with thinking of new ways to solve puzzles. I always wished that the levels were more difficult.
Some levels talk about things I don't know about. Like what are zodiac symbols???? I just don't get some of them. Isn't this for kids? I don't think 7-11 year olds will get that. If ur older and playing this game you probably know that is.
PLEASE REMOVE SATAN & HELL FROM THE GAME IT IS VERY OFFENSIVE!!!! Also Satan & Hell doesn't belong in a children's game or a game about helping people. Otherwise it is a cool game.
Even though I wasn't too hyped (actually felt kinda disappointed) at the beginning of my first minutes of play-through. it didn't take me but  a few levels to understand the game's mechanics. Now that I got the basics about words/sentences allowancess, I could fully appreciate the unique experience offered by this unforgettable videogame.  Its true depth and singularly captivating beauty,  got  me impressed and felt  lost  within the  sight of my  most hilarious & crazy thoughts,  brought to life :)
Pretty poor. I saw a video of Scribblenauts Unlimited on PC and expect something similar. But this is extremely limited and linear. Tiny areas instead of open worlds, limited vocabulary and very uninspiring tasks - being a delivery boy, or being asked to "name 3 farm animals". OK for children I guess, but definitely not what I was hoping for when seeing other scribblenauts. Also, the controls are hell - it's almost impossible to pick up small objects using touch. Many game mechanics are introduced and then don't work at all (e.g. potions). The game is in a massive need of in-game help.
I expected much more from this game but it was really dissapointing. I expected for the price that you wouldnt have in app purchases but it seems you need to buy the game, buy coins to advance in the game. I would love a refund. This game is crap.
Pissed it sucks
It could've been better, if it was fair. Irregardless of your position, all the cops are on you. They don't even bother with other racers. Oh, and the controls are the "best": for some (regular) cars not responsive enough, but for others (sport) too sensitive. Ugh, just a waste of time and money! 😠
This game is hands down the best racer in the play store (even better than Asphalt by miles). It's worth your every penny. Amazing job EA sad you'll have gone to a free download business model because I still feel you'll make quality games when they are paid apps and don't require in-app purchases.
like the gameplay, gr8 graphics, action packed racing game! the data doesnt actually move to sd card...if it did why does it STILL  take up 2 GIGS of device storage and my sd card data is UNCHANGED! will consider better rating if this issue is fixed! other than that, best racer on the android market!.....WHEN IT WORKS....WHATS UP WITH THE SERVER ERRORS AND FORCE CLOSES EA?!!?!!!?**UPDATE** NOW IT DOESNT EVEN WORK ANYMORE!!!!! EA SUX AND WILL NOT BUY ANYMORE GAMES FROM THIS COMPANY...JUST GREEDY LYING MONEY GRABBING JERKS...WHY DOES A GAME I PAID FULL PRICE FOR, NOT WORK!?!?! THANKS FOR NOTHING!!!!
Hate it a lot wont let me play talking bout not enough storage... i love this game but i want my money back😠
This game has installed properly 3 in 10 times.  Same tablet, same OS, but I randomly get Countrygate errors, unauthorized device, and many other FireMonkeys specific errors.   No problem on iOS. Thismisntnthe only NFS game with issues either
I think it cool but one thing I can't download things and I have seem
AMAZING but I really wanted the things that people create but awesome game Loved it!
It is good but it's  lagging a little maybe you could getrid of lags
Amazing rhe only thing people might not like is the amount of things you csn search
I hate it it won't even let me get pass the first level
If you can make your owend thing
Can you put up unmasked plz  For free plz!!!!!
Been waiting for this to go on phone!   I used to play the PC version all day long without eating & Sleeping.  Very addictive!   I love the original version better than the 3D ones!   Only one thong to suggest.   Add more of things in the " build button" you know.  Those food stalls.  Hats.  Etcetc.   100 out of 10!!!!!!
Almost a perfect port of a classic game.  The only small complaint is that they didn't enhance the graphics at all, but that's not really something to get truly upset over.
I played it on PC and now that win10 can't run it properly it came to Android. It's one of my favorite tycoon games. And I like making roller coasters that go 120 km/h
Great game. Great port. Very few minor issues with user interface being cumbersome, nothing unusual for a mobile game. App will occasionally crash if suddenly minimized or if the screen is turned off while playing.
Game wont even start? Doesnt download at the beginning?? Id like a refund or a fix;  Thanks for the response, i have already done that and it takes me to the loading screen and then crashes
Amazing port, probably the best one I've played which is no surprise since Chris Sawyer himself helped develop this mobile port. I'm a bit biased though, I was a RCT addict back with the original and the two sequels. There are a few bugs but nothing big, and no sandbox is definitely beat, but I got over it. This is a must-buy for RCT fans, it's more than worth the low price they're charging for it.
When I saw this and found out it was the original game and nothing changed and now I can play it on my phone, my heart skipped a beat. I remember playing this game till the sun came up and every second I could of every day on my old PC. This was my 1st ever pc game and I was so sad seeing what RT3 and RTW were doing to the game. I am so happy to see the original back. This game means so much to me. Thank you for bringing this to mobile. I hate Iphones, but if this game would have been and iPhone only game, well bye bye Samsung lol. Better break up with the girlfriend now cause my face is not leaving this phone.
The top spin ride has a glitch. It loads max/full amount of guest but they don't fill the ride completely leaving two seats open on one side. Please make the downloaded content playable offline. That's all that needs fixing for now.
Downloaded yesterday. Not sure what happened the rest of the day. Early night ruined. Late for work. Missed a meeting. Atari/Tom Sawyer you have cost me my job. Brilliant game.
Would be 5 stars but knocked off 2 stars for no cloud save. I'll be changing phones in a month and everything I will have done in the game will have been a waste of time.
The only thing I want added is music during the loading screen. I MEAN I WANT MUSIC DURING THE LOADING SCREEN BECAUSE ITS BORING AND PLAIN.
This is the best mobile game I have ever played. It's super fun and addictive with an amazing story line. HOWEVER, because it was additive I finished the game in less than 5 hours,  so an update with more tournaments and alot more figures would be awesome. Other than that it is well worth the money and I highly recommend it to anyone! :)
GUYS I DETLETED MY FIRST FILE NOE STARTING SEASON 2 ON YOUTUBE SUCH A WONDERFUL GAME GOOD GRAPICS AND AWESOME BATTLES but one thing the movement mechanics are knidda broken thank god you did an update for bug fixes thank god
GREAT, FUN AND ADDICTIVE BUT FIGURES ARE TOO LIMITED! The game over all is super but I think there is still something missing. More actions maybe, more quests and specially MORE FIGURES. Please make an update soon
Wow This Game Is Awesome I Bought This Two Days Ago And It Has Been Awesome Rate Five Stars Everyone For There  Hard Amazing Work By The Way Can You Please Make It That 6 Teeny Titans Can Be On The Board All At Once I Would Very Appreciate That If You Did😊 Thank You.
Characters I suggest firestorm,Hawkman,Booster gold,poison ivy,characters when they infiltrated hive tower eg stone and the rest and it would make a team bonus and when the teen titans turned it the legion of doom another team bonus also please do as the game is amazing and would get more people playing
Im only rating it 4 stars because it is missing batman but its really fun and super cool i played non stop for 2 days straight
Despite of the easy and fast storyline, the mechanics of the game looks so nice! I wish some characters like Mega Legasus, Wally T., And The Fan Powered Teen Titans were added to the game on the upcoming updates!
Pls add more! The desktop has so much more than we do. I beat golem looking for the cultist trying to start the lunar event.NOPE! I then realized it was DESKTOP ONLY. Things like the solar echlipse lack major things in the mobile edition. I may be asking for a lot (and im sorry) but I think we really need it.
I had some other comments, but I accidentally deleted the review I made. I do have some things to ask. 1. a fixed joystick option, 2. The lunar event and all related stuff, 3. Moar achievements, 4. Renaming worlds and characters, and 5. A bigger option menu. I wouldn't have enough space to state my reasoning, so, yeah. Still better than MC, Keep making this game greater!
This game is so good but version 1.3 on mobile needs to come out asap because I love this game and I cannot wait until 1.3 comes to android and ios. Also can you please please make an option to have 10 inventory slots on phones because my phone is big enough. Edit: Come on I've been waiting for version 1.3 to come out on mobile for ages. I really want it to come out soon. I will give the game 5 stars if version 1.3 comes out on mobile.
I love Terraria. I absolutely love it-- on PC and chonsol, that is. The only mobile version that actually works is on iPad. On my phone? I tried TO MANY times to save a character I made above average progress on... and then the game deleted it. I tried a second time making a character, and I had an error loading it. I tried a third time, and the game crashed. Way to go 505 games. Thanks Terraria- for deleting my character- again.
I love the gunslinger class but often i spend more than 5 minutes to just buy ammo it would really help if u added a buy 100,500,999 button at the sides with the price. This would make buying ammo so much easier i really hope u can take my suggestion seriously thanks
I LOVE the game but you need more bosses And wepons that you can forge together to get unique wepons and armor. You also might want to add a extremely hard boss like duke fishron, but lots of them! It would add so much play time onto the game, but you would like i said earlier new armor add tools.
Thanks for updating all the bugs in the game that I've noticed you guys are so good at keeping the customer happy. Just two things 1 we really Need yoyos in mobile and for some reason the pet turtle won't hatch and I really want a damn turtle jk jk.Thanks for this grate game 505. And also for everyone asking for moon Lord and the pillars and the cultas and everything else in pc you have to realize that mobile will never be able to have all that pc haze because of space issues. All I want is a yoyo😭
2D Minecraft with a BETTER feel AND visual vibe and (HEY!) PLAYED IT FIRST ON PS4... STILL THE SAME GAME(minus a few perky items only on ps4...) still has most of the awesome items,  but come on... can you expect a full overhaul of ps4 arcade on a phone? (In the near future,  my friend... but for now?) This is better than the Minecraft franchise... Thanks for making a type of Minecraft that I can enjoy... I HATE 3D BLOCKS! "CASTLEVANIA: SOTN" AND "SUPER METRIOD" WILL SURVIVE THE NUKES! YOLO!
I played this this game on my Xbox and I loved it. I have so many NPCs like the Witchdoctor and the Mechanic. I decided to bring the fun to my phone and I still love this game. Keep it up :) Also,  it just told me that my profile could not ve loaded. I am VERY UPSET this happened as I had gotten lots of decent items. PLEASE FIX THIS. I will rate 5 stars if you do. I keep on making new accounts but they're being deleted?? Now I made a new account with the enchanted sword and it's deleted? Will uninstall soon
I love the game because you can play it offline, and its Sister Location, man! Who WOULDNT love it? It's awesome and I hope Scott is happy with how all us FNAF lovers reacted towards these all-new game mechanics! ((Get it? Mechanics? Cause your a mechanic in the game XD))
I cant pass night 5 after u pass the part where u take baby to the scooping room i cant go left or right and i lose and start again so please fix this i was so exited to have fnaf sis location on phone but now its ruined for me also please add the cut scenes and the little girl speaking then i will rate 5 stars. Also i love all of the fnafs i have all of them.
I LOVE THE GAME! But the only thing is I can't talk to Baby on night 3, there is no cutscene at the end of night 5 when you get scooped, and I can't go home and enjoy some tasty popcorn. Also, in the cupcake minigame some of the children are glitched. Some of them I can't even throw cupcakes at because they are in the ground! And because of that, I can't play the secret ending on night 5 therefore I can't unlock custom night. And there is a few thing missing on extras. If you fix those things I'll rate 5!
I really like the game  and understand that Scott is still working out the bugs, but in the death mini game the children are glitched into the ground, And in night 2 when you're doing the Fun Time Freddy part, the screen stays up. You can put it down to play the audio, but you can't see Freddy.
It finally came out on the app store. I passd it. I give it 4 stars because i see thay cut of some of the work. I see i did not check the c for enard and                     i did not see the show at home enard did not follow me home just like the gamer coryxcins... you know ho im talking about.so yah 4 stars.
I love all of the FNAFs games, even this one, but night five isn't very clear how to move forward and left. I've die so many times trying to figure it out and am about to give up. Please help!!
Scott cawthon nice game I've seen people play it tho but this you made thanks for all the easter eggs like the 1.5.7.8 easter egg and the real ending of the baby mini game and thanks for making it for a phone a tablet please make more but it's up to you. Why are you so scared of bonnie the bunny? If you are
Sorry to inform u but ur game has a terrible bug! It may just be my phone but maybe not. I spent about an hour on the game because I enjoyed it so much but sad to say when I restarted the app I was BACK ON NIGHT 1!!!! Please fix this problem please and also on night 2 sometimes when u put down the screen and play the audio the screen glitches and stays in your view!!!!! It's annoying and I will give a better rating when fixed
It's probably the best game on Google play and also it has really good graphics and animations ANYWAYS back to the rating I r8 99/5 I love it sooo much that I can't stop playing it BUT I have to download it again cuz my mom deleted it but it's a good thing that I played it and liked it
I like playing this repetitive game, I'm just annoyed the daily quest doesn't work right.
1.) In the Super Monkey speciality, please change the range boost to a fire rate boost, Super Monkey REALLY doesn't need more range. Because, as it is at the moment, the Super Monkey speciality is fun to have for the Dark Secret, but it really doesn't do anything usefull for Super Monkey, seen as I already always have my Super Monkeys within range of a Monkey Village anyways... which will grant them camo detection without all too much dificulty.  2.) Same for the Hellicopter, extra range on a point blanc shooter is USELESS. Also change the tier 4 speciality upgrade on the Hellicopter to something actually comparable to usefull. 3.) Enable an option where you can actually choose WHEN you want to use your free tower, instead of paying for it like normal. 4.) Add some kind of chat with your ally for co-op mode, because at the moment nobody seems to want to stick around till I get my maxed out temple up... ;(
My favourite game.  Addictive.  Great that there are different ways to earn coin.  Love special agents.  Although it took me awhile to realise I could upgrade then to pro agents.  Just wish co-op with friends was more consistent.  Yay for the Kiwis! I'm a Far North kiwi. For some reason I'm thinking you may be from Dargaville. Tumeke.  Kia ora.
That's dumb I had top 1% then i played off wifi and when i got back on the week was over and I know I didn't get my reward... Fix or compensate and I'll change my review but there is no way that should be happening..
Has some really annoying problems such after the end of a round it unclicks the tower I was on and some reason the placing a tower gets really laggy and makes placing a tower really hard as at the end of a round it unclicks on placing the tower but if these things get fixed then easy 5*
This is by far one of the most addicting Tower Defense games I have played yet... but... I have gotten you really far into the game but I've had to restart completely about 6 times because of new phones or tablets, so what would be completely AWESOME would be if you could make a Google sign in or something like that so you could save your data. It's still an awesome game but I would definitely give it a 5 star if you added that feature:)
i've been playing this game for years now, on the computer and my old phone.  if you're gonna spend any money game, make it this.  its challenging but rewarding, theres many different strategies, a ton of maps, a ton of towers, fresh gamemodes, and a lot of fun.
AMAZING it is so fun
Everything about it is good.
Seriously for 2 bucks this can get you playing for hours and hours as you struggle to finish a level or collecting those sneaky coins. All in all, it's a beautiful game with some great soundtracks that matches the game's transitioning elements. Well done! P.S. Don't throw your phone out of frustration because you'll be getting quite a number of them :P
online features rarely work. since the 2.1 update the online levels usually, but not always stay on the loading screen, and the only way to access them is through saved levels. I can't save my progress to the linked account either, every time i try it tells me it failed, and this is a serious bug. however the game itself is very good
Is something wrong with the online features? It's because everytime my daily or quests refreshes, including online levels. For whatever reason they don't load at all.  I get that this is an update and something's up as usual but please fix if you can.
Soooooo fun and exciting.  Especially Electrodynamix. Music is awesome! I even got a level maker. I highly recommend it to you. I'm sure that the company is the best of luck. My friends will download it and make their own levels. All of this for only $1.99. P.S. I love the creeper face cube. And I changed my profile skin lol :p
It's a great game, very additive. The challenges are also a cool bonus. But I do have a question. 2.1 came out, but where are the Gauntlets. Whenever I press it it says, "Sorry, there was a problem, try again" And with my account, it says the same thing when I try to view it. I am using 2.1, so I don't understand the problem. Please reply so I know what's wrong. I am guessing 2.1 came with many glitchs, if so, can you fix them.
You should maybe have the new portal have something where it stays strieght, but then if you tap on the eight side of your screen, it goes up, and the left side of your screen, the thing goes down. I'd you've seen the snake 2.2 mode on youtube, you'll know what I'm talking about.
THANK YOU FOR 2.1 ROBTOP!!! But 1 problem. i havent accessed the gauntlets in 2 days because it kept saying "Something went wrong Please try again later." Fix It. But THIS GAME IS ALSO ADDICTIVE!!! :D
Robtop, you know those dash orbs. There is a glitch where you can make your icons all white sometimes while riding one of those dashes and it staysfor the whole level. Please fix that :)
Well I love it. Let me just tell you something. DONT GIVE THIS FOR YOUR PARENTS TO PLAY!!!!! I'm warning you I gave it to my mom she got obsesed with it and almost destroyed my phone(you know with the addiction and the get mad for not passing stuff). Beware I warned you. This game is amazing just don't throw your phone out the window like my mom almost did OK. You are going to regret it
I've been playing this game for 2 years now and never gets old! My only problem is on LG K10 its extremely laggy on downloaded parks. Even with low graphics and low resolution. Can you fix it please?
Had the gall to give me a notification. No setting to turn off unwarranted notifications.
I've been waiting for this game to be released on Android version. Its really work on my Samsung Galaxy s3 and BLACKVIEW. All the features are same like in the console version accept the controller are in touch mode. The only problem I've been encounter is the cloud save are aren't really good. I can't login back. Keep it up the good update. I also looking forward to play GTA V in Android version. Please make it possible. I love you ROCKSTAR.
This game  had good graphics when I played it on my Asus Nexus 7 Android tablet. The tablet is not responding anymore cause it takes long loading the introduction screen when I power it on. I bought a 10 inch HP tablet, downloaded this game again and the characters look white with some object in the game.if this is a bug, please fix it, I love this game, would like to play it again. Thanks
This is a amazing game on my note 4. Its just like the ps2 version we have. Im able to run this game at almost ultimate graphics with awesome fps. I had to fool with the setting a bit to change a few controls that sucked but fixed it but besides that, great game!!! .......update i now can not play cause it crashes right when i start it.
Ahh, the memories. Ive played this game so many times and now i can bring it with me anywhere. This game kept and even improved the graphical fidelity of the PS2. Runs pretty well maxed out on my zenfone 2 with a few framerate drops here and there. Main issue i have is that cars dont seem to save when parked in my garage and black flickering artifacts every once in awhile. Nonetheless, this seems to be a great port. Thanks rockstar. Oh and please integrate with google play
I love this game, its very addictive and fun. I can't stop playing it. Its just like living a real life in a virtual world. I have never played a better mobile game. There are so many missions and so much to do. I do wish that you could do more to cars in the mod shelter and I would also like it if there was a wider variety of cars. But over all this game is the best mobile game on the mobile Appstores.
From a Shield Pro,  I wish the game had the things I cared about like free aim. Even though there is a option for it it doesn't do anything. Tested with a Shield controller.  Performance was fine just make sure no background apps are running and it will play at max with no issues.  Honestly I would give this a 5/5 if it controlled better on console.
this is by far my favorite gta of the entire series, it is great to be able to play through it again on my tablet. The graphics are not even that far off from the console game lol (not sure if thats a testament to the advancment of mobile technologies and tablets or a knock towards the graphics of the 2nd gen consoles(playstaion, xbos)).
This is the best game ever!!! I'm such a huge fan of this franchise! But...I used to play this on my Verizon tablet, and it was going well, until one day it would never play. And I reported, reported, and reported. But no response. Please make Android, Verizon tablets be able to use this app. I miss playing it! Same with my FNaF 2😞
This game is the best. I love games that give me a good scare (as i have said on my profile descrption). But... it has a little pause here and there, but over-all. I love it. Also i keep seing that F***ing eyeless bonnie screen, and it last for like 10 F***ing minutes. The first time i saw it, i was like what the F*** ? Is that
One of the greatest horror games was made by one guy. He worked alone and made a second one too. And he's supposedly making a 3rd. People should stop raging it's one person and a good game. And from what I've seen he's one of the nicest game creators, even at the same time keeping the backstory a mystery. The only thing I would improve is the lagginess when dying. Other than that, its perfect. Scott Cawthon did an amazing job on both games.
I wudn't neccasarily call it SCARY But it is creepy. It has jump scares. I'm still on night 3. Foxy just killed me. Its great! The perfect theme! I just wish u could walk through the halls, ya know? Its sooooo cool! Great game.I RECOMMEND WORTH UR MONEY!
This game is awesome I got cheat mode and it was awesome     It is better than it sounds u can see any were   Freddy and the gang  went   and I had 100 power all night last thing I have to say is that the Chica and the bonnie plush is creepy but the poster of Freddy and his friends... if u tap Freddy's nose enough it will make a weird  🎼! P.S. On costume night do not put in 1987! Golden Freddy will pop up thine you will go back to the home menu and the game will close it self! 😣
It is a good game. For other coments I seen people do not fully understand the game. When a light or door does not work it means you have already been caught. When you look back at the camera they will pop up. You can wait it out if your close to 6am like when the power goes out but if not freedy will get you. A tip when playing the game is that everthing besides moving your view cost power so find a way to check the cameras fast enough then check the doors and turn the lights off if no ones there.
I saw a video of a guy playing this game, so I had to buy it! The graphics and lighting were perfect in the video I watched. However, when I downloaded the game, I couldn't see very much at all. Even with the brightness turned up, the contrast is really off, so when I check the cameras, I can't tell if I'm seeing anything or not. All of the cameras practically look like blank black screens. If the contrast could be fixed, or if an option to tweak lighting could be added, 5 STARS!
Put aptoid and install it and when you search every thing is free
It's amazing and I love it but there is a bug were as soon as I close it fully it won't open so I have to uninstall and reinstall. Edit: @grandestmaster,don't complain that a game has bad graphics.
Great game -- if it didn't reset my progress every single time I closed the app! What's the point? Waste of $2.
I've loved this game since it came out and I'm glad to say I was able to purchase it on a different account as well, but my only request is that you can make the app save from internal storage to external storage, aka SD card. That's all ;)
When you are the robot avatar and you hold a gun it is all weird. Also all of the clothing and hats are off center. I also think that you should be able to make a charector drive a car or vehicle without you driving it for them.
THIS GAME IS FREAKING AWESOME THE GRAPHICS ARE AWESOME YOU CAN GET CREATIVE (A cool thing if they would add in this game that if you type down the word say 1996 you would go in to that time the screen would go blacker and whiter a browner if the tim is older)
This app, like many other apps, has a boy character, and a girl character. But like some apps, this app has the boy character to be free, while there are certain steps to get the girl character. In this case, you have to sign in to get the girl character. I think this is unfair and sexist. I want the girl character to have easy access like the boy character.
I haven't been able to play in a while bc it just crashes when I open it. I stared up one time with a black screen and then when I got an email saying I bought a character when I didn't. I wish I could get my money back
This is a few days of w........  Yeah I am so I am so we are you can be the next time with my eyes are the way you have been very happy and we can be the way I will have been very happy and we can do the last time and a great time with your time with this communication skills trainings that was not an opportunity that would also check and will also if this time we should come and may concern was wondering whether I was thinking that is the new York city of the new York city of your browser if the last night
The graphics are very sharp and the game is easy to play. Not being able to customize cars, no multiplayer experience, and no storyline behind it is acceptable for being a mobile version of NfS. Personally I feel there is something missing to be a 5 star game. Overall good game.
authentication code keep changing plz contact me want to know why it wont work.. If problem continue then i just want my refund back
I want a refund, graphics aren't  as good as they were in the pictures,  the controls are TERRIBLE,  and not allot of cars. Please, atleast make controls with turning from tapping either side of the screen. Asphalt 8 is 10x better and it's  free. Better graphics, more cars, good controls.
It crashes a lot, please fix this. I bought this game and like to play it but that isn't generally possible. It gets to the loading screen and then says its unexpectedly stopped working. Help!
I hate these games that have to be network connected just so that EA can verify that I actually bought the game. This punishes your consumers for being on a platform that pirates use. I can't even play this game because of your BS, EA. never buying one of your games agaon
Hey great game but it keeps crashing on me. I uninstalled, cleared data , restarted device but still crashes on driver details tab. Once that happens ..it crashes on welcome page and that's it. Please help fix it.  Update: thanks for the fix. Changed rating to 5 from 2
I think it's horrible because it won't install I hate it I hope you never get it it's horrible
This is a disappointment to the other games I have been waiting for years to play this game it lasted for a day long game dlcs are pointless they dont add to the story and there is no creative mode for you to make your own stuff Scribblenaut Remix lasted 3 weeks long because there was your own levels and you can dig the ground and loads of other things  and look at this I only got the game for me to make my own stuff like Pc I might just unstall this it's taking up so much space for no reason In one month if this isn't fixed I'm done with it
Super fun and it is my second favorite game love it Cool
Its a cool game were I can use my ama  gination
It is good besides the fact there is no object editor 😈
I seen dsnTDM play it so i psid for it and its awesome
Great its the old d.s game it brings me back to the good  times
The one thing that needs to be changed so far, is the park entry fee limitations. I've been dreaming of an original RTC port for mobile since I had the original on PC back in the day. Seeing limitations that are not in the original, like not being able to have the freedom to charge for both rides and admission, sucks, and is not, in my opinion, true to the original. It's really a simple matter, and I'd like to see it fixed.
Do not purchase the editor mode!! It takes about an hour just to buy the land you want. And forget about designing it. I do think they should a simple zoom in and out button. The 2 finger zoom is sketch. Also if you won't let parks charge to get in. We should be default started with ATMs. Also buying land is atrocious on your phone. Tapping in random spots sucks! The should be a way to scale up the the purchase size option.
I am so glad this game finally came out for the phone! I'm not sure why the menu options & buttons look older than the game. I will give this a 5 star if they update the UI.
Love the game. Brings back memories and the game has a great feel to it. Intuitive controls and clear gameplay. Scenarios are a little bit repetitive, but that's how it's always been. Crashed before but not anymore since one of the latest updates.
Fantastic port, but it would be great if it maintained 1:1 pixel mapping when zooming out, rather than going into the pixelated mode like the desktop version. Our phones are at least 1080p/1440p, I'm sure it would be much more usable.
This is amazing. I remeber playing this when I was younger and this port to the phone is awesome. Controls have been optimized to work better and the game is very solid. Can't beleive this game still holds up and is just as fun as it was years ago.
This is an edited review. I originally complained i counted edit entrance prices but i was being a fool. It depends on the category you are playing on! This is really worth your while of you need something to kill time!
I will review it in more detail when I play it a bit more. The only problem I have is how do I play on multiple devices? I save on my tablet and it is not on my phone. I logged into the same Gmail account when both devices first started the game, but I don't see how to link them.
There is just one thing I would like is the park payment I can't change it and it would help out great...  Brings me to my childhood memories
So addicted worth any amount of money brings me so much joy seeing my favourite teen titans and DC characters keep it please add more characters like villan santa and it would be cool to make your own character but it costs coins I got so angry when I added a mod chip to one of my teenys it was ment to increase power by 50% and decrease health by 50% but his his power was full and all it did was decrease his heath
PLZ REMOVE THE B'WANA BEAST FIGURE PLZ BECAUSE SOMETIMES WHEN I BATTLE THE KING OF THE BEACH HIS ANIMAL THINGY IS 136 DAMMIGE
One day when wanted to play it it wouldnt come on it would just show the little robin figure then just stay black....PLEASE FIX!!!!!!!! Oh then I would always have to uninstall it then download it just so could work but then some hours after playing it it would do the same thing😭😭😭😭😥😥😥😵😵😵😭😭😭😭😭😭
I love this game, there's some flaws but it's great nonetheless. I own the PS3 version too, which I bought at the same time I did the mobile version and I've put so much more time into the mobile. The ability to just whip out my phone or pick up my tablet and build and mine using the touch controls does work. My only real gripe is the controls kinda bug out sometimes. But still, worth the £4.
Amazing+fun way better than minecraft but sometimes glitchy but takes strategy and skill (: i reccomend getting it and watch tutoriaks by happydays on youtube. Things 2 change though pc has more stuff than android can they have same stuff plz so its fair, alsobring updates on all devices cos i stll dont have 1.3 yet ): plz fix
Developers of terraria can u plz add multi-player on terraria Android and iOS devices. I have been playing terraria for quit some time and I enjoy it. I've gotten alot of people to download and buy this game. I would enjoy it more if you added multi-player with other people across the globe but yet still make it able so we can play offline as well. I hope you respond to this message and have a great day.
Terraria is one of the only few side-scroller games I love! Not only because it's a sandbox, but it contrasts with Minecraft Perfectly! Both games are unique, one focused on adventure, the other on creativity. Also, 505games are aware of the bugs people, and are going to release a fully rebuilt update, basically remaking the game from ground up, this year.
It sucks that, down to a little UI flaw, i feel i can only give 4 stars, but such is the scoring system i am given. This is in no doubt the most content filled, inspiring game on mobile, but if any of you 505 devs manage to see this under the waves of reviews, offering no advice on how the game could benefit from a subtle change, then could you please consider changing the menu from a drag and drop to individual taps to swap items? The drag and drop doesnt really function as well on touch screen. Thanks 505
Ballora is impossible to beat. Her music always plays on the left, even when she's actually on the right, rendering any challenge with her active unbeatable. Otherwise perfect. EDIT: Ballora is not glitched, there are warning icons at each door which signify where she is in place of her audio cues.
Very good, but cleaner apps erase the data. All cleaners semm to do this, so its the game. With a few bugfixes it will be perfect. Also, to people having trouble, you can get to the minigame in the extras menu to the right of the menu button, and on night five to go foreward hold in the middle of screen and left side for left.
My kids really enjoy FNAF games very much. One of my children has this on their tablet and like it very much. Five star'n it!!! but my other kid downloaded it was geeked to play and was shocked to find a blank dark screen with game sounds in the background. We paid for it so we are stuck with it. Please on your next update.... Plz fix this issue. Thx FNAF lovn family!!!!
There's a problem when I go to the control modules where the light sound effect will play randomly and won't stop unless I press a button, which sometimes I can't do!  Also, other important sounds cut off, like Ballora's music!  And some of the sounds from the PC version, aren't even there!  Also, in the breaker room, the danger level doesn't show on the interface!!  THAT'S IMPORTANT!!!!  PLEASE FIX!!!!!
I can't believe this game went to mobile! I'm so happy!!! I love all the games in this series. But the one thing I hate is, when you finish a night, you don't go home to see the SHOW! That's one of my favorite parts :0; but other then that I love the scary, fun game you made Scott. THANK YOU!
Ok I am stuck on night 5 coz Is cant go letf in funtime foxys room so yea :/ so I think we need a pad or something like that so we actually go letf but still and yet I love this app! But I would be better if these little problems were fix, but yea thx! If u do fix it
Great game with immense replay value. Doesn't feel repetitive despite the fact that you're doing the same thing over and over..
I don't pay for a lot of games but this game was definitely worth the money its the best tower defense game I've ever played. Thanks for making it
Make an update so you can talk to each other on co-op
No one download this game is horrible because when you have trouble with you device and you are lvl 50 over and you have to reformat then you install you lost all of your pogress I got that second to lvl  49 and reformatted I cried all nightand days
It's top of its class and I'd recommend it to anyone!          Update: The game still rocks, but I think I'd love to see a lot more new towers so that players had even more options to pop certain types of Bloons. In my personal opinion, there needs to be another few towers that are big, expensive, and powerful like the Super Monkeys because it ruins creativity when eventually you're on round 130 and have nothing but sun gods and spectre planes to rely on.
Many more maps then playing on the computer, but fix the labels for the specialists towers at the main menu, its like looking at the shop inventory on the website Bulbapedia for the  pokemon games
Great tower defense game, been playing it for years. For anyone who wants to migrate to a new device and keep all your progress, in the top menu go to Settings and click the cloud, save your progress to the cloud, and then on your new device, install the TD5 app and restore save FROM the cloud. Just to save you some time looking for a Play Store app backup or Android app data backup, no, it's in the game itself.
Addicting if you got friends don't buy this cause this consumes my life i been on this more than i spent with my girlfriend and family
I love this game but since the 2.1 update it's gone a bit down. The global leader boards won't load I can't search levels the gauntlets won't work and the game lags when you die plz fix but I love this game and it's awful having to see it in some bad times,hopefully you know what to do,the day will brighten when the problems are solved
2.1 is really cool and nice but if you don't have an  account, why can't you comment? The Gauntlets don't work for me, and sometimes things say 'Something went wrong'. But I really enjoy the game and spend forever on it. Although meltdown should be added in to the game. -🦄
I like it overall except for one thing: gauntlets don't work. Even when I have a good internet connection, it says that something is wrong and to try again later. Fix it PLZ. And also, I have an idea for a game mode, a "big" mode, like the mini mode but it is twice as big and falls at half the normal speed. You should consider that for the next update, Robtop.
The game is great in every way, but 2.1 one is having it's fair share of bugs. For some reason the internet connection is being unresponsive in the game, even though my network is fine. I cant access the gauntlet, chest, even in some cases levels! So ummm, has the basement monster caused some rucus?
Favorite game. I'm having trouble accessing quests and daily levels, they say that they are ready but the timer stays at 0. The update is still brand new and I trust robtop to fix all our problems lol
So The Graphics Aren't As Good But Still Good! The Gameplay Is Good But Sometimes Lags On Certain Devices! Controls Are Simple Just A "Click"! And Overall This Game Is Really I Mean REALLY Good Just A Few Minor Issues That Need To Be Fixed!👍
I love this game and I bought it with my ten dollar Google play gift card. I am not gonna buy any cheats because it is a waste of my money and the pushes have no use. If u get the unlimited power cheat it will make the game boring because u never will die because u can just keep the doors closed the whole time. Don't make this game horrible because it is awesome. Not scary anymore either. Love it.
Fmt b cm brick NFL li Fn v f MN th v c j the same time. I am a beautiful person. I am a beautiful person. I am a beautiful person. I am a beautiful person. The first one is not an option for me, but it will take a moment of my own business and the new one of those people that I can get it right away and we are a couple days, so if I could get to your website, I will have the option. I'm a bit more about it and the new one of those people
This game is so fun its my favorite! Its awesome and it has super secret moments that i just found and im on night five! If you are a kid reading this and you want this game ... BEG YOUR PARENTS TO BUY IT UNTILL THE SUN EXPLODES!!!! Or utill they say yes.
I love this game!! Its twice as good and twice the fun of most other games. One thing in particular about this game is that you have the ability to use adjectives! Such as, big, purple, hungry, T-Rex. Overall, AMAZING GAME!!! Keep it up Warner Bros.
I had 7 games, then i unstalled 5 and now i have it FIX THE THING, SIZE
It brings me back to when I had just got a DSI and super Scribblenauts was one of my first games. This game is so similar and I have even almost started crying because this game brought back so many memories. My problem is that I spent my money on the app and didn't get all the features. This is basically a paid demo. I think that if an app cost money, then most or all of the amazing features should be available to the user, so I ask, please make this one a free demo version and actually make the real one.
I love all the graphics of the game but I takes team minutes to download for me but every thing is is great so many levels Chanel pricing you should download this game best game in the world to work of people so try the game out and see if you like the game?????!!!😂😂😃😉😞😭😠
You play and get addictive, but it makes you pay .99 cents for this game and it ask you for .99 more for another, i could've gotten a better game but didn't. Waste of money.
The Scribblenauts games are classics. Nothing like a game where you actually create anything you can name with few limits.  I like it as an adult, there are tons of fun unexpected things to find. My kids love it too, and it encourages them to want to know how to spell.
Love it but I bought the .99 world expansion and it did nothing..? Did I do something wrong oooor..? Lol I just am confused is all. Other than that solid gameplay and fun content
I think this game is incredible and u can do anything in this game the possibilities are endless
Absolutely loving this android version of the old classics. I was so addicted as a kid - and now I am again.
Great port of the original RCT and RCT2 games from yesteryear. If you loved the originals get this. Controls take a few minutes to get used to, but once dialled in its the game we all loved.
My only issue is that after my phone died, I thought Google's Sync or Atari would track my progress. After getting a new phone none of my parks or unlock progress were saved when I got a replacement phone... Sad face... I had all the first three groups finished.
It would be better if I could charge for admission, for all of the parks. Also I do not recommend this game for cell phones. I am having a very hard time. Getting any thing to work correctly. On my galaxy S5.
Great port, but I have had issues with getting the game to load out of my recent apps menu. When I try it usually just shows a black screen and I have to restart the app to play again. Could be because I'm on the beta build of Android 7.1.2 though.
Dev's you've out done youselfs. Thank you for bringing this to mobile. I've been waiting for that email to drop telling me RCT is here. Played this for hours into many mornings. Loved it back in the day Love it now. Will be buying Expansions after a good run though. Thanks
Great game! It would have gotten 5 stars if saved games could be synced across devices, but only game progress is synced at the moment. What's the point if you can't continue building your park on synced devices?
There is one problem, the part in night 5 isn't very specific to how go left or right. Baby says go forward and left, but I don't know how to turn left. I would really appreciate a response on how to move left or right. I would also like to know how to access the secret room on night 5. Overall, a few bugs, but great!
I love the game sister location it's one of my favorite games right now but I don't really recommend it for mobile device. The game first of all is missing some features from the game on the computer. For example after every shift it is supposed to show you at your house but it does not show you this. And there are some audio glitches for example right now I am on night 5 and when circus baby says go forward in order to go back I get jumps cared every. Single. Time. I don't understand this ;-;
This will keep you occupied for a long time. There were major cuts to the game due to file restrictions, like animations, audio, and whole cutscenes altogether, but the game is still great and very spooky. One thing I suggest you do, Scott, is to change the controls to the Minigame, but other than that the game is really well made. If you have a long car ride coming up, this will help keep you busy!
So now that the license error is fixed I can finally play the game.
I am level 64 and been playing for a long time but when I go into the game it just says licence error and tells me to delete all the data and restart it. Edit- fixed now! Would give 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌠if I could!!!
I can't sign back in to this game with my old account. I was a really high level and had everything apart from the some of the monkey building upgrades. 1 star until fixed
Well, the reason I didnt rate it one star is because it is partly my fault. I didnt use the cloud save and I lost my progress.  I wanna see if you guys can help. I was around level 50, and look at my achievements for proof that I have played and loved this game. I just cant do barely anything since I didnt cloud save.
I hate this but i like it aswell, i was playing a game on impopable and my phone died when i came back i lost my rank, all my progress and everything, the only thing i could get back is my in app purchases, i lost my level 80 rank  with 8k monkey money all my tokens and everything. I want my money back now tbh, this really has annoyed me..
It's a great game but every once in a while it said that it has an error code and I do the step as but it do sent work.
GD remains my favorite game for 2 years, because of the active YouTube community and the amazing levels. Yatagarasu was recently verified and 2.1 was just released. This game has so much potential and I absolutely love it. For example, Etzer remade the Electronic Super Joy game right into GD. And there's this amazing series called the AlterGame series. It's amazing how a game with a cube jumping over spikes became a huge community. Most bad reviews are of people not knowing how to play or having bad hardware on their phones which are not capable of handling this game. Only real fans will understand all that blabbering...  EDIT: Some people on Newgrounds signed a petition and brought down GD on Steam and Play Store. R.I.P.
Comically bad development of an otherwise great game. We waited over a year for the new update, RobTop pushing back the release date a ridiculous number of times. Now the update is here and most of the new features (and some old ones) don't work and the app frequently crashes. RobTop is a professional game developer; we expect far better, and he owes GeoDash players an apology.
best addictive game ever!! I beated soo many levelz and its too worth it to play (better then Minecraft) i litterly just beat DEADLOCKED it took forever to beat it now im trying to get past the WHOLE nine circles series. Im busy creating lots of good levels (to give out stars for levels) im working VERY HARD ON createing levels anyways fingerdash is kinda eaz but when it comes to 34% its so hard
I would appreciate more levels. The 2.1 update added a whole bunch of features, but only one level. I wouldn't mind if we got an update that added a few features, but instead it brought several, exciting, new levels to play. I have found a couple of bugs playing 2.1, for example: jumping ahead of the level, perhaps because it's keeping up with any lag. However, it's still a great game, keep up the work. :-)
2.1 is awesome but is it buggy. For some reason, the accounts wont load. Involving MY acccount, it just wont load. Its frustrating. But im not causing hate on you rubrub. I just love your game and you but i hate the bugs. Damn you bugs! Sincearly Geometry dash Xoenan.
2.1 IS OUT! There are a few bugs though. I'll try to list them out here so maybe you can fix them. When you die the moment you use a dash orb, your player icon with appear white until you use another dash orb successfully. IDK if this applies for gameplay, but it appears in editor. Also, sometimes the color wouldn't change when using the editor, so you would need to save and go back to see the changes. And that's about it. Keep it up RobTop!     :D
Ever since 2.1 came out my geometry dash has been acting up. Sometimes gauntlets,map packs,daily chests,featured and hall of fame levels will not load or they say "something went wrong, please try again later" and that's really annoying. Other than this, great game.
Code TREK it's easy to use, just click the menu on the upper left corner (top of page) and go to "promos", enter TREK for $20 in ride credits (current best offer) Enter the code BEFORE your first ride and enjoy the LYFT. All LYFT drivers are background Checked and cars are verified to be in good shape with good tires, horn, wipers, etc. as well must keep a 4.8 rating or above. Rate 3 or less and you'll never see that driver again (maybe an odor you didn't like?) Enjoy your safe and fun LYFT! TREK! TREK! TREK!
I LOVE THIS GAME!!! Its so addicting, and i like how you can just watch a 10-30 sec ad for more lives, unlike some games that takes 10 hours to recover. The music fits so well with the level, but it is a little hard to control the ball sometimes, which i think makes the game more fun! Totally would reccommend this to all me friends, and maybe brag about my scores😁😁😁
No other weather app includes the speed of wind forecasted. I love that this app does! I think that is just as important as knowing the temperature and chance of precip. I think the screen, upon opening the app, has too much wasted space. Just shows a very large icon of current temps and than you hafta keep scrolling to read more. Needs to be more condensed for easier viewing. I'm not a fan of the mPoints, but they are easily ignored.
Lyft is just a great service! And its so much cheaper than a regular taxi,if your still using those quit, the only issue ive had is it didnt work with my prepaid visa card but i only had like 25.00 on it at the time even though the ride was only 16.00 but that may have been the issue.
I'm a driver, and I love being able to help my community. Ramona, California. I operate as a designated driver and my goal is to prevent drunk driving. People respect that and it makes me feel good. If you would like to help me and my family use my promotion referral code. "Kyleramona" for a $10 ride credit.
Drivers are very professional and almost always take the shortest, fastest route. Everything is straight up front, you get what you ordered. If that changes, I'm gone. However - Lyft REALLY needs to tell certain drivers to keep the air freshener perfume to a minimum - many people are sensitive to toxic odors and it can cause serious health reactions.
There's definitely a problem in driver mode. Everyone except for me will get requested. Almost every single time I'm in front of a building and no one's around me someone else will get requested no matter how long I've been there. They told me to turn my wifi on but that does not help at all. It does not keep track of time in driver mode very well, I have never had an accurate time in driver mode, for instance today I've been in driver mode for 5 hours but it tells me I've been in driver mode for 35 minutes
More expensive for a small service. I was grabbing a ride home (I usually uber) the usual amount is 5-6$ with Uber. Lift was 9 plus a tip it isnt worth it just tip your uber drivers.
The incessant promo notifications without any way to turn it off is a terrible feature. Uninstalled. I'll give all my business to Uber from now on.
It's awesome. So addictive, can't put my phone down. It's vibrant, creative and by far one of the best games I've played. It's sometimes difficult but weirdly not frustrating. Also I bought unlimited balls which was reasonabley priced. So highly recommended!   The only thing I wish it had was check points. Possibly at half way Mark.
This app is a fun, addictive game where the user controls a ball and has to navigate through a path. The user has to keep playing each level and progressively get better.   The app is very user friendly. It is a bit tricky at first to understand but any user will understand the entire game play of the app withing 1 minute of playing.   User: Person who likes mobile games  The app has very bright colors. Lets the user control the ball with their finger.   Very easy and limited navigation. Only 3 pages for the user to go to.   Create revenue from users buying balls to play more. The user will have to watch adds if the user does not want to spend money.    Great sound. Very good effect and music.   Its a time waster for people.   Made for people who like hard mobile games.  Very simple but bright and colorful design. It hard to play in bright day light.   It was a very addictive app. Had a great balance between difficulty and fun.  Very standard navigation.   Free if you dont buy balls.   Very popular app.
ROLLING SKY CREATOR(S) PLZ READ THIS!!!! I. Love. It!!!!! But the reason why it only gets 4 stars is because it could use  a checkpoint when the scenery changes, you know? I get really far, then I die and I get so mad because I have to start ALL OVER AGAIN! Its kinda annoying and even all of my friends agree(no offence in the making btw)!! Other than needing checkpoints, Its a really addicting game and I really recommend it to everyone!! &lt;3
Best game ever, it is really addictive and is hard at first but once you get some practice then it is a bit easier. a few things that could make it better is 1. More than ten balls before you have to watch an add 2. adding checkpoints every 10% or so you complete 3. Being able to customise your ball and 4. Being able to make your own map.
Wow. This game is AMAZING. I wasn't expecting much when I downloaded it, but it's super challenging in the best way, is totally addictive and hooks you into playing it obsessively, and it's super easy to earn more items!!! I was afraid I'd have to wait for a long time or pay to get more balls, but 2 minutes = 10 balls. It's PERFECT. Download this game, you won't regret it 👍
Here is the Shish... WHAT A GREAT GAME! I JUS LUV IT😍😍😍😍😍. So addictive so great😊. You can always get more balls with the videos and it's SOOOO challenging. I have jus downloaded tis game 1 1/2 HOURS AGO!!!! SERIOUSLY AND IT'S ALREADY GOT A GREAT REVIEW!  Anyway, not to brag but I passed lvl 1& 2.... BUT, after a GREAT review, there's a request I'm HOPING will be answered... WHY AREN'T THERE ANY TYPE OF SAVES? VIDEO SAVES? THOSE DIAMONDS! WHAT R THEY 4 IF I CAN'T USE THEM TO SAVE MYSELF.😡😧. Why not use those diamonds to SAVE us? I was on 96% when I died and had to start ALL OVER!!!!!! Still a great game. Jus do something about saving us and I would give👉 6 👈. If I could that is....
Very fun game! Cool level design, great gameplay. Only one complaint, please don't make the levels so shaky. When it gets to the shaky parts I have to look away because it is really unconmfortable to look at. I still liked the game very much, that is why I hope it gets fixed or taken out of future levels
Great Game!  So addicting! I decided to check it out because I was being bombarded with ads for it on every other video I watched, and it turned out to be really fun!  I even bought unlimited balls, so... good on ya, guys ;) You got me to spend money on a game, which I don't normally do.
The game itself is addicting, but the gameplay punishes you. You start up the game, a level loads on its own after hitting play, you are confused af to what is happening. You start playing and you die. Well okay I have 14 more lives! 14 lives later, you either have to pay $2 to get unlimited lives (on a game that is marketed as Free mind you) or to watch an add for 10 balls, which you can do once. Then 24 hours pass, and THEN you can watch another add, and you can never get another 15. The game punishes users by making them watch ads or pay money. Horrible game Cheetah​ Games. I do not recommend and will uninstall right after.
Pretty darn good. The past 24 hr. Precipitation surveys not real accurate as actual recordings are often much higher. Areas showing 1-2" may actually be getting 3-4". Generally very good!! Would like to also see 48 hr. rainfall expectations like you have for snowfall. I REALLY MISS your Snowpack levels that you have had in the past.N.Johanson,MD
All in all, good app. My only gripe is, I cant turn off notifications from the app. WC says, its my phone which is sending the notifications. So why did you build the app that way. You're sending me notifications from the other side of the country from my location which I don't need. I only wish to receive local alerts. For instance. I get an alert for a storm a thousand miles from my location that will never affect me but not for a special weather statement for my area. If I turn off the notifications from my device, I turn off altogether.  You're sending me notifications for a video feed. Its all about advertising so stop lying about it. Geesh.
One of the best weather report apps than other many apps. I tried many apps but they showed wrong temperatures means 2to 3 degreed plus or minus. The weather channel app is so nice it shows accurate weather what I feel is that so 👌👌👌👌👌 stars
I hated this app at first but it has grown on me. It is very accurate with the forecast. Great videos as well!! One thing that is a bit annoying is the "real time weather alerts" are a tad too late. Like sometimes it will say a a brief rain shower is coming.. no a brief rain shower is here because I am soaked in the rain right now. Other then that it's a great app..
The "road conditions" part is VERY inaccurate! Plus the app videos and the tv show tends to skip the central US in nearly everything! I liked the feature to be able to track strong cells, including hail or possibly tornadic. Please bring that back!
The one thing I REALLY dislike is the default blue on the widget on my home screen. Other than that, it is a great app/widget. I am going to go back to yahoo weather unless there is an option to not have the blue background on this widget soon. I don't like it covering my screen picture. Yahoo weather widget has a box to un check in settings to not show the default picture. This blue one is UGLY, covers my background picture and I want the option on the widget to not show the blue. I received a response that you are working on my issue, when is it expected to be updated and can you hurry it up? It should not be that difficult! Other than this issue of the widget covering my background, it is the best weather app out there. Please fix this soon. Again, forcing us to have the blue background, is ugly and defeats the purpose of having a background picture!! If other weather apps can give the option to have it clear, it shouldn't be very difficult for TWC to have the same option!
Other reviews say this app is very accurate, it must be Delaware then because we are expecting a snow storm in excess of the 1 to 3 inches this app states we will be getting.  I'd like up to date info on storms.
Wish you'd consider that some are colorblind. Even though I have turned transparency all the way to 0 I still am unable to see everything in it till night or storming when it's changed. Thank you  Patrick.
Great game. Very addictive and lots of fun. A few tweaks would be great. When superstars recover from an injury, they should have full hp, not empty hp.  Also more health packs or faster regeneration would make this game perfect. 5 max health packs is nowhere near enough when the wrestlers hp regenerates so slowly. Atleast let me buy health packs. I should never have no choice but to stop playing, and it happens every day.
I love this game i just wish you were allowed more then just 2 keys and that it took shorter time for the keys to generate.  Also i think there should be a faster way to earn gems like watching ads or something. Also some of the more important options you shouldn't have to always pay for.  I would go broke if i bought every option.  Also there isn't very many story options which is a bummer because i am quickly running out of stories. Otherwise i love this game!
I've been tryin to change my phone number for almost a week. They won't let me do it myself on the app, and they don't read or answer my messages. It seems they don't even care. And now passengers. Just don't know what passengers will treat me cause sometimes the address is not accurate and there is sometimes a necessity to contact them. Thumb Down. So sad
As a driver this app takes up too much space on your phone it's slow it sucks up all your data and memory. Whenever there's a problem with the app crashing or freezing Lyft is not take responsibility for it
The app always freezes up when when you get a ping for a rider. Thanks there is no way to contact anyone when you have a immediate issue.
I'm sorry Lyft, but I don't like getting cheated. I cancel a ride within 60 seconds of booking, and call the driver too to let him know. Your audit trail would show you this timeline. You still charge me $5 because the driver says he waited 5 minutes! And when I submit a complaint I get an automated pop up saying it met your 'cancellation criteria'. Apart from a serious driver integrity problem, as a company you pay zero heed to ascertaining the facts before passing verdict. Keep my $5 since it matters so much to you. It's bye bye Lyft for me. As a matter of principle, I will not do business with a company that displays poor ethics and practices.
More Lyft/Lyft Line drivers needed in San Francisco to minimize waiting time and prime time.  Cmon! No noticeable improvements more than three months after their automated response below.
Very well made app and highly reliable system. Unfortunately it is way more expensive than Uber. The same shared ride (Uber Pool vs Lyft Line) was $4.11 on Uber and $13.50 on Lyft.
Code BONO is easy to use, just click the upper left menu and click on 'promos', enter code BONO and get your FREE RIDE CREDITS! LYFT is a lot like Uber but most people say the drivers are more friendly and will help you with your bags if needed. LYFT drivers are background checked so you know your driver is an upstanding citizen ready to get you where you need to go safely with all cars annually checked for lights, horn, tires, wipers and more.  Get the app now and be ready to roll- BONO! BONO! Easy! BONO!
Runs perfectly, doesn't crash and is exactly what it says on the tin.   Edit: I've given this a lower rating now due to the ridiculous number of adverts that now pop up. Used to be great. Now its just o.k
Brilliant! The music is awesome and gameplay is superb. Only negative things I have to say is levels are a tad short. Wait until you reach the second level on the second world, it blows your mind! I recommend this app completely and if you can get the others in the series. It is very much worth it! :-D
I'm having a little bit of trouble with level one, but I love this game, I can't put it down. All the negative comments saying it's impossible were probably written by quitters.  If it was impossible, whoever made it would not have launched it. Stay positive 😜😜😜
I love this app! It has its downsides but all in all it's pretty great. But one thing I don't get at all is the balls. Like why do you make me pay/ watch in ad just to play the game. That's why I rated 3stars
When I first started they had a reasonable business model. However, ever since they have added more ways to squeeze money out of you, and ads even when you've purchased items from them. It really is quite sad. In the latest update it seems that they also tweaked the mechanics a bit, in favor more responsiveness at the cost of handling. I've finally had it. Too bad about a game I was otherwise quite fond of.
You want to play again? No you can't you have to watch a 30 second ad to get 3 minutes of game play. In my opinion when it's a game like that it's not fun. Also it fives an adafter every playthrough making you accidentally hit it because there's no way to x out of it. I gave it 2 stars because I enjoyed my 3 minutes of game play
I actually found 1 way 2 make 20 balls wait until 2 seconds before refill and click watch add. Its a bit time consuming tho. Besides that this is the best game ever.
This game is amazing, but one issue: every time an ad appears, it  makes the game slow down a little more, so the ball movement lags behind your finger. Each ad makes it worse until the game is closed and restarted. After only a few minutes, it becomes nearly impossible to react properly.  Other than this, perfect, but it's a big issue.
It is challengin, time killer, and intense. In fact, how do you make these level so hard and fast. Best songs I ever heard. I JUST LOVE THIS GAME.😂
I liked the last version better.. The new versions layout is so bright. Everything is white and it's pretty annoying. The video chat button is pretty convenient so you can video someone however, the layout is too bright for me.. And I am really not fond of the toolbar between typing the message and the actual message screen. It should be an option to open up that toolbar, now it's just a hassle having to avoid clicking it. Please switch some things up soon!!! Background too bright and simple.. Toolbar is in the way, just make it simple please
Updated and now uses more battery than any other apps. On my phone combined. My battery lasts me 12+ hours while in use. The app updated and my system said it was using 86% of my battery. It killed my phone in 2 hours without even opening it.
The weather reports are accurate and up-to-date. I always use the app whether I am home and especially when I am going out of town. It helps me decide what to pack and what to expect when I arrive at my destination.
The videos are unwatchable to me.  More commercial than content.  Aside from the advertising, the app is quite good once you are familiar with it.  Pretty much all you need.
Crappy accuracy. 1x1 widgets are off by as much as 20 degrees. Hourly reporting is off by 10 even in current hour. Windchill is off by 12 degrees. Crap I can do better with a weather rock.
Always tell me time rain  coming 5-10minutes it's raining or thunderstorms how many miles lightning strikes I'm able get my soccer players of the fields.thank you keep up great work how can I share the weather  also
Its about as good as the weather channel, app is decent unfortunately their predictions still are a let down, when it say 54 for Saturday then the next day its 44.
Good game concept and amazing graphics. Mostly negatives due to the fact it takes forever to upgrade anyone. Your basically stuck with the same characters that you unlock from the start unless you fork out real money because it will take you forever to earn it in game. Also the fact that the AI seem to always get the good combos and get about 4 or 5 moves each time. Seems very set up so the computer can easily knock you down from full health to nothing in 3 or 4 moves
Fun game, weird look for the wrestlers  (everyone has been hitting the gym!), and good block matching goodness. My only complaint so far is that I did the offer to play Mobile Strike to lvl 10 for about 2000 cash. It's been a week and I have not gotten the reward and no response from the devs so far about where it is....otherwise, fun times....
Love the puzzle fighter concept and this games nails it..the character design reminds me of wwe all-stars which was awesome. There a few tweaks and you guys will have a winner... Health packs take tooooo long to generate either shorten the time or allow me to buy more, level up your wrestler is a bit of a slog and also some of the wrestlers move set dont match Give rollins his curb stomp please!! Other than that and the fact that its killer on the old battery, you guys did an awesome job
Didn't get my 80 cash for downloading a game and running it even after it said reward will be given shortly. You guys have a chance to make a butt load of cash out of thus game IF you pull your heads out of butts and try harder. This is the best rpg puzzle game I've found.
This game overall in the words of The Miz is AWESOME! However, there are three things that could make this game a five-star experience instead of a four-star experience. First, fix the clipping issues. Second, add wrestler themes. And last, fix the movesets so they match their real to life counter parts (i.e. Bray Wyatt's Sister Abigail instead of a stunner for a finisher).
I like the game so far. But there are definitely bugs that need to be worked out. I keep getting notifications saying my wrestlers are full health and they are not. And also it sometimes doesn't let me heal my wrestler because it shows full health but when match starts it shows he's almost out. Good game but please fix bugs and battery issues.
I'm a big WWE fan. Every Monday Tuesday and payperview and loads of stuff on the network, so I was super happy to see this game. I'm like the game, BUT... the moves don't match up.  Can we have the ability to change costumes? I don't want Kane in a suit. That was but a moment in his career, he's mostly known as demon kane.  And the loot boxes. Work hard to get 13 for gold box, and it's normally always the same value as 3 box reward? What the flip.  Other than that, good job.
I struggle with a rating for this game. Its really fun and easy to understand, however it takes so long for characters to heal to full health that you spend most the day just waiting to be able to play. Joining a faction allows characters to be healed and start recovering hp straight away upon request but you still have to wait to fill the hp
I have two problem with this game. The story lines are pretty good, the graphics are good, and it's enjoyable to play. HOWEVER, I absolutely hate that you have to pay over a hundred bucks just to enjoy the full plot of each story. On top of that, unless you want to pay a lot of money, you have to wait for keys to regenerate every 2 1/2 hours. Which means playing for like 1 minutes and waiting two and a half hours before you can even look at the game again.
Love it so much! The art is great, and so is the plot. I also love how you can be romantic to the same gender, which is rare. I don't know how many times I have to say this, but I love it! Rated five stars for everything. The only problem is that you only get 2 keys and have to wait for a long time to get another. And the only way you can speed up the process is with real money. Maybe you can make it so that you can watch an ad to get one or something? Just something to consider. Love it. ❤
Good game, I personally love The Endless summer because it shows me the emotion of other characters towards "me". This book is also a combination of romance and fancy, really nice. However, sometimes I have to reject some interesting choices due to lack of diamonds. It will be better if you could give us more diamonds through watching ads or something. About the key, I am not up set for waiting some hours because the game is worth the wait.
😀😀😀😀😀😀This is an amazing and addictive game with lots of drama to keep you interested. My Fav story is THE FRESHMAN. You should know  that all  stories, when the first chapter is played its  free, second chapter,it would cost one key. One key regenerates after 2 hours and max capacity is 2 keys. After  you finish a chapter you get a Diamond, diamonds are used for special decisions in stories, so make sure to save up!! ty for reading 😘 BTW I love how in THE FRESHMAN you can get a bisexual relationship!!
It's fun and all. Except its more of a "first taste is free" kind of thing. It gives you the first "chapter" free, but the rest you have to unlock. How do you unlock chapters? By buying these keys. To unlock answer choices you need to buy "diamonds" to buy the answer choices. There is NO way you can earn "diamonds" unless you completely finish a story. If you do that you only get ONE diamond. You can't earn keys at all. You HAVE TO spend money to engage in this app. Definitely deleting this app.
Love the concept, but costs too much to be paying for gems to make choices. I would rather pay just once for a story and have all options included - just like in an actual "Choose your own adventure" book. Also, once we have opened a new chapter, we should be able to restart the chapter at no extra cost. Forwarding the story is too sensitive. Often I have accidentally touched the screen and was not able to read through and no way to go back, unless I spend another key. I suggest a "next" button instead. Please consider that the monetary exchange rate sucks when pricing the keys and gems. Thanks.
You have to wait so long for just 2 keys. It makes my interest in the game fade. Though it is a nice game but the game needs so much diamonds so that the game is continuous and more enjoyable. Hope you will make the loading of new keys shorter and can you make it 5 keys every loading? So we can play more and won't get bored
Nice app for my multiple email address. Fast and Easy to transfer/move to my other e-mail address.  But...Can you please make this app be movable installation to internal SD card storage and removable Micro SD card storage? Because it's taking up more spaces for every updates of all the apps. It's causing to run out of space in internal storage in both cellphones and Tablets.
If one has to submit   - Payment Information AND   - Actually REQUEST A LYFT  *BEFORE* Getting A Quote...    And STILL NOT Get A Quote  BEFORE (or even While) a  Driver Is On The Way...    There Is *OBVIOUSLY*  ROOM For Improvement  (Or Opportunity For Class-Action Suits)...!!!    Buying a car and bicycle, instead...
Helpful when you need rides. I just want to know why the exact same route at the same time EVERY day Monday-Friday varies in cost. One day is 6.64, the next it's 7.80. Wth? Hard to budget for daily rides when fares vary day to day for the same ride!
All else good. Wondering why I have to go on web to check on Dashboard metrics. Worst of all, as a driver, why does it burn so much data?
Great ride sharing program...  USE CREDIT CODE:  CHERBEAR   & YOUR 1ST RIDE IS FREE!  ENTER CODE (in pmnt tab) B4 YOU REQUEST YOUR LYFT!! 😉 It's safer than public transit and about 25-30% cheaper than UberX or a taxi! You even get to ride shotgun! I highly recommend this app & service!!!
Enjoying it! If you're new to Lyft Don't miss the free rides! Simply enter a promo code A99R in the payment section after you install the app, before  requesting a ride!
Doesn't use my GPS location correctly when i open app it puts me out over the ocean somewhere and im in Chicago 🤔
I don't like that there has to be a temporary hold every time I use the service. Also, I have $5 credit towards my rides and it didn't apply it to my last ride.
Easy to use. Only complaint is the fare calculator will not work. It could be a local problem, not sure. It would be good to know ride cost up front.
Well originally I had given this game 5 stars. Right after that I got all kinds of ads popping up. Now I can deal with the ads, but not in the middle of my game. They were popping up so much that my game froze. The app is frozen. And it's still stuck on the same ad. I changed my rating to 1 star because of that and I now have to delete the app. The game itself is awesome, but what good is it if you can't get to enjoy it for the many ads.
block hovering not on point. shows ad after EVERY game, some ads cant be skipped. When exiting the ad you get prompted if you want to quit the game or not. when chosen to quit brought to main menu and have to quit again
Great game. Simple blocks offer a good challenge in the later levels. Does start off fairly simple through the tutorial, but that's just because it's a tutorial. I don't like the ads & have yet to find a way to remove them (usually it's a "buy this & we will remove the ads"). Over all I say if you like puzzle games, thinking games or are just curious give it a try. Update: Thanks to the app developers quick response, I am able to remove the ads. This is easy & inexpensive to do. Thank you.
Its such a great game you get so attached to it and want to complete all the levels. I think it is just an absolutely brilliant game and i enjoy it and never get bore on it!!😊
Enjoy playing this puzzle. Only in novice mode but it seems to easy, (so far.)  Can usually figure it out in less than a minute. I give it five stars.
Ads in between games messes up your moves and freezes up phone. Now I can't uninstall app. Wtf fix the issue soon. Smh
OK I will explain in limited details to why this is not a great game.the ads when a ad pops up the game automatically crashes and reboots the app. Ads pop up to often there is an ad after each level and that's just a few too many ads so please fix the problems and I will Change my review to 5 star as it's an amazing game
I would love to rate this game higher because it is very fun to play however on my Samsung galaxy s3 every time an ad comes up it mutes the sound and if you do not UN mute it before clicking out of the ad you have to wait till the next ad to raise the volume or restart the game. Also when clicking out of the ads it constantly thinks you are trying to exit the game and you have to click keep playing before moving on. Very tedious.
It is to easy but is still fun. I like how they maintained the original style and added new features. One dislike, though, is that it tells you to buy the full game and instead of the geometry dash world layout (comparable to mario in the sense that you have to play a level to get to another.) it has the origanal geometry dash layout. (being able to pick what ever level you want.)
COMING SOON? I HAVE BEEN WAITING TWO MONTHS FOR THE NEW LEVELS TO COME IT SAYS THAT THERE "COMING SOON" BUT IT HAS BEEN FOREVER! PLEASE MAKE MORE LEVELS. Otherwise it's a really fun game with good graphics and good music. I'm just tired of waiting for more levels😑
The levels are shorter than the other 2 games making it less stressful but the levels progress in difficulty quite well. This game is sort of like one giant tutorial for those who want to take on the full original game. Either way it was fun while it lasted. Is a little short though with only about 10 levels.
Love It! Update A New World, Add These Awesome Tracks! - Martin Garrix - Animals - Dimitri Vegas, Martin Garrix & Like Mike - Tremor - Afrojack & Martin Garrix - Turn Up The Speakers Add Two New Worlds In 1 Update.  Add These Tracks In The 2nd World - Vicetone - United We Dance - Alan Walker - Fade - Marshmello - Alone - Marshmello ft Omar LinX - Keep It Mello 1st World Call It: The Death World 2nd World Call It: The Beginning World  Hope You Like It :)
*too easy and need to add more levels* They should add more levels to their previous games instead of randomly abandoning them and starting an entirely new app and game like what? They abandoned geometry dash meltdown and made geometry dash world. This game is good but I'm waiting for more levels because this games was too easy!
Awesome improvements. The original game was good. But this is a game forgivingly awesome. By completing levels,you get orbs. With them orbs you spend them in the shop for amazing prizes. As you get quests you can do,for more prizes. The game isn't fully released,so if you have hate Fine. Like the fact you have to go to different (WORLDS)-  to beat levels. Remember That,get the game bye.
Amazing. I love the game and my channel is all about Geometry Dash! as you can see my profile picture is Geometry dash, and its amazing! I am going to donload every other game (from you)  once im finished and waiting for the new maps! I You have changed my whole life of gaming, and im totally addicted! Thank You for making this, and i downloaded the song "Beast Mode" for my upcoming Intro and going to download meltdown too! Thanks! and please reply, cause i dont like the add where you create things (not yours) can you maybe ban that add? thanks!
It's awesome! But there's one thing, I just bought the full version or Geometry Dash, the original one, and this game still says that it requires the full version for certain features.. Is there a paid version of Geometry Dash World not out yet on Google Play?
It was way too easy I beat both worlds in my first day also the music was great but the levels are too short. In conclusion the game felt kinda rushed compared to the lite and full version of the game
Very challenging and addicting. Just a fun overall game. But, just one small thing! Please start us off where we left off at! Instead of having to start all over from the beginning. You also could make the game a little easier. As it is, is kinda hard. It gets frustrating.
I love it. The teaps and barriers are exhilararting and make you want to try again. The gameplay is swift, fast going and dont fall off the track! I had this game for nearly a year. Great game guys ☺. I love it
Level 1 is really easy, 2 gives you a challenge and 3 is awesome. Overall a great game. That was back in 2016, this year, I beat 4 and 6 but 5 is difficult.
I like it,its fun, but every time u run out of balls you have to wait more than one min.. Then when i dont play at all that day,  hoping  that I have at least 20 balls, I only get ten. 👿😡 👺😤
You should add a level editor so that we can make our own levels and share them on global players then they rate our level   You can also add a ranking board which have top 100 levels with high rating   The top 20 would get any prize that you would decide.   But they have to complete there level first and then they can share it with community.   We can even import our music in the level or take it from the song cloud   Thanks for such a nice game.
Lemme just say. I am not bad at the game. I just hate it. First off ads, ads everywhere. And the game is annoying AF. Its not even addicting. Its fustrating in a bad way. Also none of the music belongs to you. I recognised the song in ghost house instantly. Its an f-777 song. And guess what? You gave zero credit. At least credit the artists and tell them u use it. That's what geometry dash did. EDIT: oh good. It's ok. I don't really hate the game it's just not my type. It's kinda annoying to me. Except for that it's a good game. If it were to be perfected, I would recommend no in app purchases. That puts you in god tier with other free apps and games(GD World etc...) :D
I love that it's actually challenging! I also love that you don't have to pay to play, it also doesn't take long for your balls to recharge. Probably one of the things I love the most about it is the music, it's up beat and not super repetitive like most music in apps.
The game is fun but bad lag and it's a huge money pit.to really do anything your constantly having to put 99.00 packs. Plus they are constantly upgrading so in a week or so your gear is out dsted. Not enough state vs state wars. Or you have to buy packs to travel to other battle tested states. This could be an amazing game if they were not only iterated in your money. Allot of people that have been playing for over a year are quiting. Fix this and allot would stay
Been using this app for a very long time. I love it and I can chat with friends from social media without giving them my phone number. Plus I love the new features such as the video chatting and public groups. Improved very well! The only problem is every now and then it crashes but I still am able to use it and love it. 5 stars like always!
All I wanted was to have all the cool (sunglasses) smileys ever since they introduced them. But now I'm 1256 points short and I only need 2 more. WHY CAN'T I EARN MORE POINTS OR BUY THEM SEPARATELY FROM THEIR PACK?? I hate you
I dont like it that much youve fixed some problems but theres a problem when also sending messages cause i sent a message last friday and didnt deliver till monday thats ridiculous. I mean ill give u five if u fix this problem. And plz make it to where u can log in on another device and dont have to restart every conversation cause i hate that.
There's no way to meet new people. Garbage. There's no group to meet and then be friends. And what is this kik code, a joke? Installed again and deleted after 5 minutes. Couldn't upload profile pic, and still no way to meet new people. No groups can be found, the app lost its old charm.
Made me waste hours after hours collecting smileys watching tons of adds surveys install apps just to see them turn free....  Man talk about life, charge you one minute and fkks you over the next
Really would be nice if you could record longer videos from the app.  15 sec is a good start but longer would be better, also I just wish you could change the background color.  That white all the time sucks. Need like a night mode,   Please add those things...
New UI is still really buggy and can crash a lot, but overall the app is nicer. The only thing that pains me is that they got rid of Kik Points and are holding a promotion to buy all smileys (which won't be available after), but gaining points is no longer possible. It's fun to be 20 points short of buying a pack. &gt;.&lt;
The app is okay I guess, other than a few bugs. Message me though! Fun guy to talk to. Not one to read your messages and ignore them! 21+ females ONLY. I am 30/m. @TCBlaze86
Thank you for changing the notification color to white instead of black, it didn't work to well with smasung's latest update.
Thanks for fixing the mRewards portal so I can collect all the rewards that have been accumulating.  I really do like your weather app best.
Really  like this app., it's accurate and easy to use. They need to get rid  of all the ads in videos can't watch them.
UI awesome and love all the info I can now access. TWC widget is fab! Thanks for this great update
Well it's snowing heavily right now here in Washington yet the radar and forcast are both very incorrect as I stand in 4" of snow. Your app even said yesterday that there'd be snow today, yet today it's wrong. Terrible.
I've tried others but this one is very easy to read the forecast  and has news available. So I always come back to the weather channel.
Self explanatory & easy to use. You find out the weather for your area quicker then waiting for it on T.V.
Their Temps are accurate and I love their radar. This is my go to resource for weather info.
I really really like this game. However, I wish, when the updates came, the layout of the trains and obstacles would change. The only thing that appears to change is the colors. Also it glitches out really bad in the evening hours. Other than those two things... phenomenal. Great job!
Was actively using Twitter when "they" decided to lock my account. Instructions are worthless if your email is old and they've locked you out.  One cannot access the menu in the instructions in order to provide a new email.  I'd chosen NOT to use their login verification security features so there was no reason other than censoring to pull what twitter did to me. Use Gab.ai instead.
I can not even begin to say how much I love this app. My personal favorite feature is the face grouping, it's not perfect but it's still really good  at seperateing photos of different people. It's unlimited space makes it a life savor for entry level smart phones with next to no storage. Makes my life so much easier.
The whole game was just messed right up due to you stealing the hard work and money people have put into this game myself included we all lost moves and all that kinda stuff now we have to work to get that all back. Sure you may think you made it easier to level up which you did in a sense however you didn't need to remove anything we have done to progress in anyway. There better be compensation to max or be better than what we had in order to keep us interested.
The game is good. It's addictive. The gameplay is good too and the graphics are great for a mobile game even tho it drains the battery. My only problem with this game is that it almost doesn't reward you for anything. It forces you to keep buying health packs, cash, coins, etc in order to really enjoy the game. The waiting time for the health packs is way to high to only regenerate 5 of them. Other than that, the game is still cool to play and I recomend it, and even more if you have money to spent.
Could be five overall but a few things to consider.   Not saying make it easier, but maybe a tad easier to upgrade wrestlers. Waiting for posters or TP can be infuriating especially if you're not wanting your son to spend ridiculous money on the game.   Sort out wrestler move sets. Kevin owens doing a sharpshooter looks great but a pop up powerbomb finish would be more true to life.
Pretty good. Could use some tweaks, but it's brand new, they will take care of em :). One suggestion, give health more often, I don't mind the limit but it's awhile before I have my 5 heals. Maybe make it 15 min per heal case. Other than that I dig this alot. Good job.
This is a fun game that brings back childhood memories of all the old school wrestlers. Graphics are great. The only part I thought was going to be different was that I thought you were going to be able to control the wrestlers yourself and not make them do a move or combo by matching some jewels together. Thought that feature was kinda weak.For that reason I won't give it the full five stars. Other than that it's all good.
A fantastic game with a lot of challenge. Unlike a lot of games, you do not get high ranked stars from the get go, which makes the challenge even more obvious, and welcome. Unfortunately, this can mean a bit of Pay to Win should you wish to excel at a faster pace, but, such things can still be attained from hard work. Only suggestion I  can make, is to increase the health pack cap. It's difficult to get into a rhythm if you have to stop every 15mins to recharge. Otherwise, 5 stars!
Wait forever for your roster to heal unless you wanna pay to play this seems like a money hungry app you get a combo or 2 and then AI goes on a chain that practically drains your bar and you lose anyway. Hmmm.....if it smells like trout get the hell out. Fix your ass developers
This game is bs and cheats like a mf. It takes to long, to much $  to build up your characters,  and when you do win it does not give you enough  to mount to anything.   Need to make this game fun to play and keep people interested,  so people  can advance threw the game so they will keep playing.   Need to fix the issue  thanks.
Best game I've ever played on a phone.   But I have one problem I cannot see any information on my faction page. Like updates on which members need help etc. Full display not coming.   If you introduced a trading market where you could buy and sell your roster this game would take off in a huge way!. Maybe I could sell a wrestler  and in return get training items and coins , not just coins. Do that and this game will go global. Great
Call quality is good but might be time of day affected, have to test this e.g. in heavy peak internet demand @4-7 pm. Saw some issues with MMS messages resending itself up to 10 times, randomly. Some go thru once as expected, then a subsequent next mms sent during same session will transmit multiple times, seems to truncate at 10 times. Overall a good product that is steadily improving.
integrate Play Music into this app. For example; music that we listen to on Play Music should have its own playlist or sections. I personally did not watch music videos on YouTube. I saw them on TV and if I didn't then oh well. I listened to music by subscription or I purchased physical copy &gt; digital.     Add an option to create a radio station kind of thing. Play music has the great option to listen to a radio station similar to the doing you're hearing. If we can do that on here that would be great!
This game is very addicting... But please.. Please.. Add more keys and diamonds.. I don't care if it takes an hour or two to have new keys but it will be worth the wait if atleast we get more keys like 3 keys an hour? But then again, I appreciate the effort of the pixelberry in making time to make this wonderful game.. Pls.. Reply this message of mine😁 thankssss!!
I hope there's more keys and diamonds so that we could open new chapters and other exciting dresses or response... In addition, I hope that next chapter will be posted everyday instead of check back regularly... I can't wait to open the next chapter. You may also want to add a date and time when you will post the next chapter instead of us waiting in vain... :'( or maybe there's an option where we can save our first character and choices, then play with a different character and choices...
If you replay books why do you still have to wait for keys to play, but don't receive gems for completing a chapter - BOGUS! should also offer a way to earn gems instead of only being able to buy. Watch/view adds, complete free offers, etc. Also, giving gems as a daily reward would be nice.. other apps do both those things!
The story lines are great but having to pay for diamonds is ridiculous!! Give me options to watch videos or something. 25 diamonds for an outfit. 18 diamonds to stay out all night with someone to experience fun but instead I have to go back bc I don't have enough. I'm not spending $50 on diamonds to play a GAME!!! It's a GAME this isn't life or death!! You creators. Are out to rip holes in people's pockets. I don't give two hoots about keys. I don't need to waste my day playing this game. But it would be nice not to have to wait two hours between wait times!
I find myself in a position where I am making the rules and the flow is amazing graphics rock and it's so captivating better then a movie or book. But what's up with the short chapters and keys that you can't even get untils hours later literally it's total Bullshit. Plus you are just like everyone else wanting money 😟😬😂😟😕😕😕😕😕
I love this, kinda addicted. I'm not too much of a game person, but I like this. Just sucks you have to pay for gems, no other ways to earn like watch ads or anything. Same with the keys, you should absolutely get more than two & shouldn't have to wait 2 hours!! Even if every hour one key appeared, so threw the night you can regenerate at least 6 or so.
At first it was just a time waster, loved it though and the hardest part is waiting the 2.5 hrs for my next key. The only this is i sometimes pick an answer not reliise what it was implying so i have to go back and redo the chapter again for just the one answer. This most definitely in the minority and most are self explanatory.  Loving it!
Trying to reply to an email using this app is one of the most frustrating things I've ever done. While typing the cursor will randomly jump to the bottom of the page. Letters double, random words pop in, words stick together.  I have to constantly re write,  back out, or give up on my replys. You also have pay close attention,  because it also replaces words randomly throughout the entire page.
Every update breaks something else. For the past few weeks the app won't stay open. I delete a few emails and the app suddenly closes. Does it every time I have it open a couple of minutes.  Loves parking emails I'm sending in drafts. Thank you for another step Yahoo... To actually send email I now have to go to my drafts folder and send from there. App was good several years ago but has steadily gotten worse.
I'm stuck with this travesty of an app because I've been a Yahoo mail user since the mid 90s. It uses 10 times the data of other mail apps (so I've had to buy extra data from my mobile company), it's slow to fire up and messages often sit in the outbox inexplicably unsent. I'm so annoyed with it I've now had enough and will have to transfer to a competitor. Shame on you Yahoo. You're about to lose one of your most loyal users.
Latest update has made it worse!!! Deleted a few emails then when I checked back a few hours later, they reappeared and you can't delete them yet they appear as unread FFS!!! Also doesn't always notify me when I get new mail, app on my previous android phone did. To be honest I'm getting that fed up with Yahoo mail that I'm starting to look at other email providers as the desktop version is equally bobbins!!!
I just realised that force scrolling to the left only occurs on emails from one particular sender. It basically doesn't let me see the info of the email instead auto scrolling to the right.It was unfair to give it 2 stars though, 4 stars it is.
My notifications repeatedly will stop coming, so I miss time-sensitive emails as they come in. I will have to uninstall the app, then re-install to continue to get notifications for a short period of time. There are also issues with how the app communicates with the keyboard, and will abbreviate or change words, eliminate spaces and add punctuation randomly as I type. This is the second phone I have experienced this problem with.
I have not used group messaging that's why unsure, I like the colours of the avatars preview and easy to delete. Can set to to none to more than one line preview of conversation and can add different mailbox not only yahoo. Excellent!
Still No avail from Yahoo 2017/02/09. I've had to make a Whole New email all together & definitely Not with Yahoo!  - I've been unable to access my account, since the 13th of Jan 2017. This is quite Problematic.. Refused access to My Business Account which happens to be commingled with my personal account... Unfortunately I do not have access to the same telephone number as I had for their 'second security'  Now how in the hell am I to access it now.. With No avail from Yahoo... Please fix this massive issue ASAP One has to work, no?!
Good app, but could use a need break button to stop lyft line when you have been driving for a while.
The app malfunctions in driver mode quite a bit. It doesn't hold the address and the driver has to call the rider.
Works as expected and the performance is fantastic! Simple and clean, fast and reliable! Got the app in November, and it's steadily improved! I found it works better turning Wi-Fi off, and use only your network!  In driver mode, I'd like it very much if you would change it from showing the dollar amount to just an earnings tab that takes you to the same display that's there now. Just don't like people seeing how much my earnings are while waiting for a call for a pick-up! Thanks Lyft Left for a fantastic job, keeping it simple and fun, keep the perks coming!
Their c'mon ad told me I'd get $50.00 in credits. I signed up and guess what? It was only $5.00 in credits. I'm not interested in doing business with a company that misleads you like that. It's a matter of principle. I'm happy sticking with Uber.
Try it free with my invite code "LAURENCE51". Lyft gets me where I want to go, and costs less to do it. Drivers are always so friendly too.
Don't miss out a free ride opportunity! After installation enter a Promo Code A99R in the payment section, before requesting a 1st ride!
"Sorry, there was a problem creating your account."  Doesn't seem to matter how many different email addresses I try.  So I guess I have to go back to uber
I like yes I do like lift he's really better than uber so far so good you are the best flight store or left
Ok. I've uninstalled & tried again. Again I hate the app. Now that I can exit ads, I everything you'd want to use has to be downloaded. This app alone seems too basic but it links you to other apps so you don't have to search for apps to edit you pics. Plus there's too many ads.
Exaggerated amount of ADs, probably to push people to pay the money which by the way is very expensive.. anyway,  it keeps restarting anytime that it shows an Ad and go back to main screen... very frustrating....
I like but there are a lot of advertisements so that part can get a little aggravating
Really neat time waster. Waiting on a friend play a few levels need to kill time before work play a few levels.  Good game overall
Would rate it a 5 star but advertisements after every level is too much and annoying
It was fun at first but the amount of advertisments interupting me while i was playing was too much. Uninstalled.
this is a perfectly happy puzzle game! it lets you think and have fun while playing with delicious colors! big yay!
Another great game for Geometry Dash! I like the concept of there being separate worlds with levels. However, there are not many levels yet and they are all fairly quick and easy to beat so I hope more levels that are slightly more difficult are made. Also, I am fine with the image ads but the video ads are very annoying since they waste lots of my mobile data and force me to either close the app when they pop up or to always turn off mobile data every time I play it off of wifi.
I really like this. I really do. My issue is that there is so little to do in it! There are a total of 10 official levels. progress backup is disabled for now. You can't load your profile in. Also practice mode is pretty glitchy. I am rating it 3 stars, due to lack of content, and some minor bugs. I anticipate the arrival of more content. Thank you robtop for this game, but I think you released it too early.
I like the game and graphics. But you need to make harder levels and new ones. Also it's very annoying when ads play. Please remove adds and then I will rate five stars.
I love the game but there is too many ads and the ads make the music glitch so it no longer plays causing me to have to exit the game and restart. If you could fix that problem it would be great. Other than that this is a great game and I have really enjoyed it.
The game is alright, with the graphics and sudden changing gameplay without any explanation. What really pisses me off, are the ads after every 3 clicks. Go to menu? Ad! Select a new level? Ad! Finish a level? Ad! Fail a level? Ad!
Great game! Really hard aswell. The only reason I didnt give it 5stars is because it gets really hard really quick. As soon as you hit the 3rd level on the first relm thing it starts to get hard and from there it gets harder and harder and harder really really quick every level is like twice as hard as the last. Anyways great game.
It's so stupid!! The levels are cool but same with geometry dash when I tap sometimes it doesn't jump it has teleportation AND when you have a checkpoint it saves the jump you but head and u still didn't release the full version!!
I like it I have been playing all of them but I'm just not good lol. I need some tips to become better I love the game already best both islands in 1h but the online mode and when they come out with more I mean I would love to play it if I was good.
Ok,so you control a ball and there are 14 levels  but there are two things they need to inprove 1.find another way or have unlimited  balls  2.add more levels and maybe a editor and make them easy.
The fact you dont have waypoints means you spend nearly 95% of your time replaying the same part of a level over and over.   Thats not fun.  Thats the opposite if fun.
This game helps u think faster act faster, its almost like a brain game, any way I really like how they make it look like a real 4d (4th deminsion) and we dont see a lot 4d games, the best thing in this game is the music!! Most the times I lay it only for the music, espacially the second one(level)
Sorry for the low rating I only gave u the lo rating to get ur attention. This game is wonderful and I would give it 5 stars buuuut........it is a huge battery drainer. I will fix my review when u fix this issue. Thank u
Good fun playing it but why can't it just have an unlimited amount of balls? It's really annoying having to watch video's just to get 10 more balls. Pls fix. 😉?
Addicting and very challenging! One of my favorite games. Worth the free version but if you truly want it worth the play get the upgraded version, it's only $2. So it's not like your losing out on big cash.
This game would be perfect if it didn't make you restart all the way over every time it should ha e hekpoints at like 50 % having to redo the entire thing is kinda making me want to stop playing.
Keeps lagging pls fix this problem. I really want to keep playing it. But I can't because it laggs alot
Im not a gamer and so it was really confusing knowing what I was supposed to do at first, however it can get super addicting once you kind of get the hang of it. It's hard to put it down when you are wanting to beat the next level but it does take forever to load the supplies you need ... Like a couple of hours unless you buy the supply. Overall it is fun and catchy but it's easy to spend lots of money on it if you aren't a patient person.
Never have I seen a game where it takes so much money to make the slightest difference, once you get past the 2 'cheap ' packs the price jumps to £79.99 per pack, and for every new addition, which seem to be every month, it costs £79.99! The prices on this game are extortionate! Even the best games in the world don't cost this much! And this is far from the best game! Change is needed!
Looked cool on the interactive ad but once you start playing, you get ads shoved down your neck.  Pay to win is an understatement... Any game where you get items to reduce time taken for an upgrade by 1000 (yup, you read that right, a thousand) days is not one I want to be wasting my time on.
I don't think any other app has spammed this many notifications in so little time. There's a notifications tab where you can "turn notifications off" but still get at least 3 every hour telling you to play the game. Gameplay is okay but once you hit level 15, good luck. Overall, wouldn't recommend.
Bring and to enjoy playing this game. I tried the demo yesterday, seriously, and greatly enjoyed it. After playing the demo I thought, well yes then, I will download it. Guess what, you guessed it, I downloaded it. Hope you all who are all apart of each and every game technique Incorporated to have game like this are appreciative of how games were when I was a kid. Now you all listen here with these words... Whether was a kid, seriously, that was so long after the year 400,654A.D we had people always missin
I love the game but I have a few comments on how it loads the game on my phone even if I have a fast internet. Maybe you should remove the flash sale ad to make it better. Please do a maintenance on a weekly basis for I find lots of in-game errors like the inbox that flashes a message notice but when you open it, you find nothing. Please do a bug fix on your game. thank you.
Horrible new design. Seriously, you now have to go through 3 step process just to send the in app smileys. Before they appeared above the keyboard and were seamless, now it's a pain to use (Tap icon which closes the keyboard, pick a smiley, hit the back button to bring keyboard back, then continue typing). Also EVERYTHING is white, the only color will be your chat bubbles from messages you personally send, the lack of contrast is harder on the eyes.  *edit, it just keeps getting harder to use. Now the search area opens on accident and there's a joke of a call feature prominently in your way.
Perfect for long distance communication and for chatting with friends for free! However, as a great suggestion, Kik needs a "Select"/"Select All" option for when removing people from your Friends List and Chat List.  Also, just wondering where some of the Rare+ smileys went? Like in the Frankie The Fox pack, the wink, heart, and blush Frankies are gone 🙁
I don't like the fact you can't use the swipe down method to scan your stuff it's dumb to be honest. Also searching people was easier than now. I just think the update's are dumb now. Also my picture's are now blurry then before.
Hi I'm bored right now and want to talk to females. will talk about anything you want and. I'm also up for anything. Also if your from Utah then that's a bonus I would like to hear from females in Utah also I am a male
Thanks for bringing back the hashtags! I'm excited for all the smileys to be free but I just bought the snow bunny pack twice and it hasn't shown up in my locker and I really wanted them Now I'm out of kik points (since I bought the pack twice) and I don't even have the bunny smileys
SIGH. Worked for a day and now lag issues. Not loading kik at all issues. Pics either freezing kik or when i go to look for one freezes issues. Fix one issue another breaks. Im not trying to be hateful. I just want your app to do well. It is a great app besides this stuff.
It doesn't work often. Alot of times there is supposed to be moisture there is none the thing that is most accurate is the wind.
Best radar I've found, easy to use and longest time length of future modeling, plus their app radar seems perform better then on website.  Still not on par with Weather underground for other things so I use both.
This is awesome look at my weather before I go to work knowing what to expect
I rely on the radar to track the storms in my area
The app is ok, but the forecasts are totally inaccurate. Whatever they use for a source of information is totally arbitrary really frustrating.
I would rate of five star if they didn't give bad weather
Froze my phone with HIV like proportions.
I am addicted to it within 3 days of play , the thought of breaking others record makes it luring. After a small stint with this game I realised why people hook up with their phones  for longer.
I am in mission set 35 but still on the top I see x30 and not x35 Any idea why ..bug. Or issue This is impacting my score
While the game looks nice and is pretty addictive, the game has frame rate issues and some mild glitches. Once it gets to a certain point it becomes flat out unplayable. The game lags, power ups and coins can disapear and animations break.
Extremely addictive! Me, my daughters & my husband always try 2 break each other's score. Lol.....I'm in the lead tho! It definitely kills time. Especially during the long waiting time in the doctor's office....
Fantastic in terms of power ups, how much free to play players get, the unique art style, and it is ADDICTIVE! Only minor gripe is that new players might not know some of the hidden techniques. But it is to be said that this game is lots of fun.
Well its brilliant at first but it gets quite boring after a while. I was addicted to the game when I start playing it. It's free I mean who would not install a free game. Also it's for like everyone except little babies LOL!
Good, but the only thing is the characters, boards and outfits are too expensive. Also in the awards section, there are awards of keys for not collecting coins in a very long run, not jumping & rolling, not changing lanes in a very huge no. Of points in a single run. They are practically impossible for even 30 seconds. Please improve. Plus the awards for owning outfits, it is very bad, because outfits are more expensive than the reward we get for them. Please do the needful .
On app side, I am seeing wrong error message since last couple of months. If app fails to get tweet data in slow connection it shows wrong error message - "This tweet has been deleted".  Also there is a bigger issue with neutrality of platform. When you are a media platform, you can't afford to have a political left wing person like Raheel Khurshid as country head in India. If Twitter wants to be a serious media platform it needs to make sure that it's leadership has neutral political view.
It constantly crashes (and I mean constantly), and half the time it crashes before it even opens. It's also horrifically laggy.   When it does work, the platform itself is good, but the fact it barely works is ridiculous.  It also takes about 8 years for it to load, if it does, indeed, not crash.
I love Twitter. But the app gives me a lot of problems. First is the load time. It takes minutes to show me my Twitter feed & trying to refresh my feed takes almost as long. Second, it closes other apps when I open it. I can't listen to music or use Facebook Messenger chat bubbles when I use Twitter. If that can be fixed in the next update that would be great
I love the app and I've used it for 3+ years but no whenever I send a picture via DMs or Tweeting that picture will always copy itself and save in my Twitter Folder. If I send the same picture from let's say my Download Folder or any Folder for that matter let's say to 5 different people the picture will be saved 5 times in my Twitter Folder. This is so annoying. I just want to send pictures and Tweet them but now I have to go delete these infinite number of copies of the SAME image every 10 minutes.   Twitter... please fix this.
It was all smooth until the couple most recent updates; when i open the app it tries to load my feed but then just crashes or sometimes it happens randomly. Also, this could be a minor pet peeve of mine but it saves pictures ive already posted and it just seems unnecessary.
But lately Twitter has been so laggy, things takes minutes to load, cant post pictures on twitter, its far too laggy. For someone like me who has Twitter in his daily life, its really obnoxious that everything is a mess in this app.. Pls fix..   So its been like 3 weeks since I posted the top bit.. And your app is still acting like garbage, Even tho I spend alot of time on Twitter im hella close to uninstalling...
Best photo app ever!!!  I use Flickr, Shutterfly, and Prime Photos, but Google Photos is the absolute best hands down.  The photo search function can find any obscure photo you are looking for.  I love the part that shows you something that happened on this day 4,5,6 or 7 years ago.  Sharing with others is really easy and seeing all the picture in a year is really cool.
Absolutely amazed by Google's capacity to handle such enormous amounts of data coming from millions of users from round the world. Not to mention free (?) unlimited storage and the brilliant AI used to recognise and sort photos by  their content. I am a techie myself, but I am blown away with how is this even possible.
Don't like how it's arranged by month and year. Would rather it not be separated and all pictures are displayed just like Apple's photo gallery. Also don't like how I can't move photos into another album without having to create a new album. I edit my pics so I would like to move the original pic right next to the new one to compare them without having to make a new folder everytime. Everything else is great across the board.
Awesome app, but need to make the collage option more creative for us. Give us options like the way Instagram or other photo apps do. Also add the Drawing features. The Moto Gallery app had that feature. Update: Unable to share photos using Verizon Messenger once it's backed up and original photo deleted from the device.
It's incredible! I'm traveling at the moment and I can't tell you how useful this is for backing up all my photos from my phone and laptop all into one place! Plus it's always does call animations and panoramic views, i have come across no downsides so far! Almost forgot to mention there's a search bar so you can search for 'sky' or 'dog' and it will come up will all your pictures with those in!!!
Still no hide photos or videos or albums option 😟... Only thing keeping from a 5 star rating! It has a lot of great features...I love the slide shows..I love the back up of photos and how far back it goes... But I hate that other apps.. Most nowhere near as good have a hide photos or album option but y'all don't..If they can do it and theirs are crappy apps..Ik you can... Come on Google!
I like the app quite a bit but I've noticed a few glaring issues that hold the app back. Not being able organize your pictures as you choose in the basic layout is obnoxious. Making albums is limited to only 500 pictures and mass uploading images causes them to be spread out across different dates. Should these issues ever be rectified, I will happily give the app 5 stars.
None of the other flashlight apps that I've tried could compare to this one. It's the perfect blend of form and function and has some really nice features. Keep up the good work guys!
Good game 4 stars from me.. Still lot needs to be done.. I won't go on complaining one after another..but yeah.. no k.owens yet after 48hrs and please do something about the graphics.. it's kinda v cartoonic and drains a lot of battery..but if graphics are more realistic it woulf worth the battery drainage Thank you.. hope you guys work on it
For me the game is entertaining and certainly addicting. However, when I looked at some videos of it online, I noticed that there were a few things different, most noticeably the graphics. I don't know if I need to update the game somehow or if its because I'm playing it on android, but if someone, maybe the game designers, knows how to make my game look like that, it would be much appreciated.
This game has a ton of bugs that need to be fixed, which is a shame because it's otherwise pretty fun. The game freezes up every so often, but the most frustrating glitch is when the game says your superstar has way more health than they actually do before a match, and when you then play the match, the health goes down to its actual value. It's confusing and severely irritating. Good game, needs a lot of work.
The game would be better if there weren't sooo many bugs. From inability to load the home screen info, to clan messages not refreshing unless you exit the game and reload it. It's not a bad matching game, but caping ones ability to store moves is kinda crappy too. If I match enough to do a ddt twice, then I should be able to do it twice. Not match enough tiles for one, and all other tiles mean squat for me.  That but aside, it's a decent game for people who are ok with pay to play since that's what this is. You can't win if you don't drop money on the game, or you have to sit and watch ads for hours to get $1 per ad. Otherwise, it's ok. I enjoy it.
Fun, but the health regeneration needs improving. Use all your health packs and you're stuck until they recharge, and characters take so long to regain their health it's ridonkulous. Also, the coins needed to improve your characters should be either drop, or the payouts need to improve. Not everyone has cash available to pay for coins...
Was a 5-star game for me but they downgrade your wrestlers with updates by updating moves. We spend money to progress and build those wrestlers but then everything is voided with updates. Sure, they compensate a little but in the end, your wrestlers end up being weaker from the updates. Can't they do updates without penalizing the players or robbing them of their money spent which now becomes useless??
The gameplay is horrible. On your turn youre lucky to have a 3 match of a color you need, while the opponent always seems to get big combos. Also, the game crashes and when you get back on your superstars are at no health, so you can't play anymore. The health takes forever to recharge. You never get the loot you need. Trying to get the loot in game does very little damage, so you're just asking to lose if you go for it. All around bad game. Needs A LOT of work.
My service was shut off because my bill was so high that I couldn't afford to pay it but I still have Internet service with wifi; so this app really saved my butt. It's just like having a home phone and also being able to text from it too. Anywhere I have wifi, I can use my phone still. I can send pictures via text as well. The only problem I seem to be having with this service is trying to send a link via text message. It shows me that it sent but the recipient never gets them. Other than that, I am super happy with this app.
I love this app and have been using it for over a year now. Today my phone had automatically updated the Text Now App. I still love it BESIDES the newly updated app has those "Floating Chats" or as Messenger on Facebook call them "Chat Heads". I absolutely DO NOT like the floating chats, chat head things!! I went to my setting in the Text Now App but there was NO function to be able to turn them off & that really sucks!! PLEASE make an available ON/OFF feature in the settings of the app to be able to turn them off for the people who don't like them, like me! Thanks...
Awesome app!!! Wayyyyyyy better than any other app of its kind hands down. I haven't had any glitches or annoying moments whatsoever!. People this ones a gem. I highly recommend this app to everyone I know...Even if they have some "Rocketship Fancy Phone" And have gotten only positive feedback!  They all love having another number and use it often usually with their friends and primary for business.  Five-star baby.
The ads are strong in this one! Still kinda sucks due to advertisements. Uncontrollable beeping. Not to mention when you send a picture, it sends numerous times. It's still inexcusable to hear random beeps like we have a fire alarm. Smh. Not satisfied. Doesn't even work.
Now it actually rings but guess what? You can't hear the person calling when you answer the phone... Its dead air. I missed an important call this morning due to this crap! I do not understand HOW this app is so crappy when in the past it was a great app for both texting and calling.
I'm so frustrated with this app because every time I need to make an important call and asks me to press a number for let's say English all of a sudden it says poor WiFi and it completely stops..,and I know my wife is not poor and it o lyrics does sit each time when I have to press a number. So upset .
U advertise it runs in the back ground but thats a lie. Jus another way to try and make people pay for that stupid red app. Iam done with utube android and google . Dam its not like u don't make millions every day seems like music for your customers wouldn't be to much to ask for
For The Liked Videos Play List, I Will Give Five Stars If You Make It So That I Can Rearrange The Order.  Edit:Great Now Half My Music Is Gone From My Liked Videos. Thanks For The Waste Of Money.
Won't let you make your own offline playlist, and replaces your tracks randomly with crap you don't want. If I have Rob Zombie, Fear Factory and other related artists, I sure AF don't want bs like Chainsmokers, 21P and JB. I'll probably be looking at another service that lets me make my own offline lists. If I'm paying for a service, I should be able to choose what I listen to.
Your music won't play in the background. I believe that is 'false advertising', correct? Please stop, this is cruel and unfair to the buyers, as I was expecting music I would be able to hear in my background, not a YouTube Red advertiser. Please get rid of this app, take it down from the store, restrict it. I do not care, just stop allowing people to get this app.
It worked several years back when I still had the trial. Now it doesn't work even on free tier. Was just a YouTube reskin. Losing app focus or locking the screen resulted in the song or video to stop playing. - galaxy note 4 verizon 6.0.1 rooted
I love this app it allows me to listen to all my songs without interruption but the thing I don't like is that you have absolutely no control over the offline mixtape all it does is look at your video records and move it there and sometimes it won't have the one song that's addictive and I get really mad about it, well... that and how if you don't have you tube red then you can't even turn off your phone without the song stopping, but apart from that it's a lovely app. Update​: good suggestion is to add a button that lets you add songs to the offline mixtape!
The only reason I got this app was because it would let me play music with a locked screen. Without it, I don't see much use in keeping it since the YouTube app can do the same basic features, minus playing without video
I love this game. And I don't have a complain about keys because a key every one hour later it's okay than one day later. BUT, I'd like to complain about diamonds. Every important option needs almost 20-30 diamonds. Please consider to change amount of diamonds in the options like only 1-5 diamonds it will really be great and I will change my rates to this app. Thank you.
I love it!! Other than the fact a lot of things need diamonds. And I feel like with some stuff if I don't do it it would hurt the charters. Honestly the need to give you a few diamonds when you start of.or just give you 3 diamonds when you finish a chapter. And keys they keys you have to wait make it where you can use the ads to help get keys.
The apps graphics is great and the story also very impressive but for every good dicision you have to pay diamonds which cost is too high and once you use your diamond you have to pay to earn the diamond which is too high... i not like the game where your decision will ruined the whole story just because of the diamonds..... really upset...
Love this game! Currently reading three books. However im now waiting for the new chapters to come out on all three! Please please don't leave me waiting to long. Also clothes/story options cost wayy to many diamonds you should be able to win/get diamonds without having to pay real money all the time! Thanks.
Love this game and how the choices you make develop the story! There are only 3 drawbacks, in my opinion. 1. Keys generate every 2 hours. I do wish they generated quicker since I play more than 1 book because of the great story lines. 2. While getting a diamond at the end of a chapter is nice, I wish it provided more than 1 so that more choices were made available. As it is, if you don't have enough diamonds then you are stuck with only one choice, which could be an issue to an ongoing story since the golden choices that require diamonds range from 15 to 25 needed. And finally, 3. I wished the stories updated more often than once a week as I find myself constantly checking for new updates in order to continue with the stories. Overall, however, I love this game and look forward to the next update.
It's a really good app I promise you. The stories are great and all but the keys and diamonds are what make me pissed off. If it had an option to watch a sponser video or something like that to get about 10 diamonds then I'd love this app so much more. Every five minutes you should be able to watch another sponser video and get 10 more keys. The small stuff like that would make me even more obsessed. :)
I should rate it 5 stars...  My problem is the diamonds How can I buy clothes for my character? How can I make memorable times for my character? The cost of clthes and other things are so expensive... :(  I love this game so you should fix it.. And please make the s*x scenes free. I love this game but all I want is more diamonds ... I love the story "The Freshman" and "Rules of Engagement", in those stories there you need to stay at night  and I want my character to stay in at night with my parter but, you need diamonds for it... JUST MAKE THE THINGS THAT NEEDS DIAMONDS CHEAPER... PLEASE
The stories are amazing and so entertaining! Great graphics! I'm addicted. I wish that I could give 5 stars but I believe that rewarding only one diamond per episode is terrible having in mind that some task cause even 30 diamonds. I'll suggest  adding a way or extra features that would enable the possibility of getting more diamonds (not only by buying them). Also it would be nice to have more variations in the music, so far it has been the same for each story/chapter/book abd it's getting kinda boring. Other than that I love this game! True quality!
I don't need two (2) Solitaire apps displayed on my gamer profile. Please remove Solitaire by developer Harpan LLC from my "Recently played" Games profile. I have uninstalled that app and do not plan to use it again. I have installed another Solitaire app and have begun playing that one. I wish there was a way to edit (select certain games) the player wishes to be shown on their page. Also, it would be cool to "follow" other players and compare our head-to head stats. There is no "follow" button (like on Google+) Please consider making this option/feature available to us.
Uber is one of the most frequently updated app i have seen but looks like you guys changed the app without testing it properly. The previous version works perfectly on my phone. The latest version either stucks on loading screen or says network is unavailable. At the same time every other app works perfectly on the same Internet where uber says connecting issue. If this continues uninstalling will gona be only option for me.
Why can someone spam the page with cellphones and cars from some shop and NOT GET BANNED? Put restrictions on people! And LISTENING TO THE REPORTED POSTS/USERS WOULD BE HELPFUL!! Why do I have to go to the MAIN SCREEN to view my messages? Make the Android app the same as the Apple one! Or just keep IMPROVING speed so its "easy to use".... HOLD PEOPLE ACCOUNTABLE FOR THEIR ITEMS!
Can't sign in any more. Rejected my password. Tried to reset password, rejected code yahoo sent twice. Uninstalled and I won't put back on phone. Yahoo blows.
Too much spam. Every half hour or so, my phone dings with new news spam. That's 30 spams a day during waking hours, and I can't use the phone as an alarm, because it continues to spam news throughout the night.
I get a lot of spam & there isn't any way that I have found to mark an item as spam like in the web version. Other than that it is good. IPod Updated 2/9/2017 -- New version fixed my complaint. Updated rating to 5 stars!!!!
I am having a problem with writing and replying to emails.  When I hit the backspace button, the word duplicates itself.  This makes it impossible to compose a message.  Another issue with yahoo in general is that the service that updates the Android email app on my phone is never able to update itself from Yahoo.  There are constant issues, not able to connect to the server, wrong password, etc, etc.
Receiving already read emails as if they were new?Repeat emails...even old emails received...Have to say,you'd need to make a massive overhaul to make things better! Gmail is Superb...you should be too...why not???
I can't access my damn account thanks to your pathetic security breach! Wage slips, and company newsletters thanks to being unable to sign in. Recovery phone number is no longer being used, as I have changed it today 09/02/2017 (UK) and recovery email address will not work. Congratulations! Looks like I'm going back to Gmail. All the hassle I have to go through to now get my wage slips and newsletters, just because your IT guys can't stop a security breach, and now have a lot of people locked out of their account ts! Idiots!!
I've always loved all things Yahoo! From the old YM, to the browser, email, and news. If only Google didn't own Android, I would've replaced all their apps and services with Yahoo. Thanks, Yahoo team! :)
Have no problem with the company but the app, I have a very very good phone/ battery and so the app drains my battery and always freezes, to the point of I can't even pay sometimes my phone dies or I must restart phone
Well I loved Lyft and I preferred it over Uber until Today !!!!!! I waited outside for my driver for about 15mins after it says he arrived and it was 20 degrees outside it was weird cause he said he see me , but he didn't pull up until about 10 mins after . Then he takes me to Walgreens to get my daughters medicine , it did take but about 15 minutes so once we finished & walked outside he was gone 😐 So now me and my daughter are outside in the cold ...... in a not so good place...... 😱 Shes already sick I cried because why would he do that ? Why ? He could've at least told us .... I called Lyft & they did nothing ! He took my money , and left me ... DO NOT RIDE WITH LYFT #IPerferUber 😈 #DontRideWithSean ! #BlackCorolla #DurhamNC !
They said I would get 50 rides free and I didn't get them plus the rate was 6.42 for three  and after that it went up plus they send spam mail constantly
Not really good for driver's they take over 45%from your fare
The price estimation is waaay off. I put in my destination and the estimated cost was supposed to be  $21-25 but when I was dropped off it was $40. I'd only use this again in an emergency situation when I actually have money.
GREAT APP LOVE IT just hoping the rate system becomes better for drivers!! Keep up the good work Lyft Team!
50달러 무료코드 CATHY490956 미국에서 정말 잘탔어요.할인코드 넣고 타세요 😍
This app is great for collages I love the easy way you can change the order of your pictures.
Loved making collages, did one today for my sons birthday. Still practicing
Haven't had it long, we will see 😘 Thank u 😉
Fantastic absolutely love it makes my pictures look amazing !
It is great  the eye stickers are hard to place but it's still great
It's filters are fab.  I'll give a advise to download it.  😘😘
Love the choices. Awesome at making people more beautiful
Great but too many ads  I think its a game for all ages from 5 year olds to 100 year olds
Game sucks, tons of ads. It's boring and not engaging
There is way to many ads interrupting the gameplay which makes it frustrating to actually enjoy the game
Game really tests your brain. Can be frustrating but once you solve the puzzle you feel great.
It's like a really interesting puzzle. Normally puzzles are boring.
It's a great puzzle game that makes you think a lot, keeps you focused, and is very addicting .
This is a good game, but I'm uninstalling it because there are WAY too many ads!
Its great and evrything but there is a few problems.one of them is that sometimes when you jump to much it glitches and makes you to stop jumping.another is that the levels are short. I expacted the levels larger.the last one is that when you watch the video to get orbs you dont get it sometimes.its still a good game.i like how they added a shop and the orbs and shards. Its an epic game
Weird just like the rest. Robtop should do a better job on the geometry dash games. Nothing surprising. Just very boring and difficult. Plus the music needs to be fixed. It is very annoying. Robtop needs to make the full version for free. Please Robtop!!!
After checking out the original lite version. I thought this one was gonna be filled with back to back unloadable ads and frame rate issues. I was quite surprised. No frame drops and ads barely appear. I am fully considering getting the full version! :D
This game is amazing!  Though I have a problem. On my android device when ever I leave the game ALL my progress immediately deletes so i have to play each level again to get to online levels. PLS PLS PLEASE fix or tell me that u will update this so that this doesn't  happen
It is better than the original geometry dash because of all of he different modes you can play. However, the only reason that I didn't rate it 5 stars was that there were only 2 worlds- which was a bit disappointing
I have always loved geometry dash and this just let's me continue the addiction I had in high school with new stuff. Only thing I wish it had was an options for me to pay to remove ads. I hate ads *_*
Great game for newcomers to GD, but not such a good game for older players like me. Levels are very short and easy, and there is not a good variety of featured levels, bit if you are new to the game then this is good practice for the full version.
I loved the game. My only problem is the ads. I've paid for the full version and logged into the same account on both games, but I still have to deal with the annoying ads. There should be an option to link the game to the full version so that payers don't have to watch the ads.
This is the next best thing to the original hill climb! the only downside is that it take a whie to earn $ which pushes you toward buying emralds and then using  them for cash or trading them for cash. I love that I can drive my jeep shirtless wearing pajama panta and bunny slippers, you earn clothes and custom paint for your vehicle! AWSOME NEW GAME GREAT GRAPHICS SUPER ADDICTIVE!
Amazing time killer, great graphics, and I like how when you run out of time you can watch a video and get your lives refilled or you could wait a few minutes amazing
This is the best game I ever downloaded on my phone because I got past level one two and I am still working on three .Three is the hardest level because the trees block your way I died five times and wasted my ball just for trying to pass level 3 so I'm a stupid Pearson for doing that
It's really hard but when you get it do you can go all the way first time a plate and I got the first round done
I owned this on my other phone and purchased the no add and unlimited ball when game first game out. My phone broke and I have a new phone but now I have limited balls and adds. Three until I get my original access back.
The only thing is that recently (1/2/17) I have been trying to restore my purchases but it just says "You now have unlimited balls" and doesn't give me a refund
This is very addictive and I love this game! But one small problem sometimes it glitches so that's one problem but.... The rest is good! Keep up with the good work!
This game is overall amazing! It is very modern and I love the music. There are so many levels being made that you'll never have anything that you can't play. It is also very addictive and popular. It is something that is fun to watch and play so if you are YT, then this game would be perfect for your channel, or a game to just play for fun. 😀
Giving us limited tries for a hard game will not make me buy unlimited tries. It makes me stop playing.  The game itself is fine,  controls a bit slowly but fine.
The game is cool.  Easy enough to figure out.  The tutorials do leave something to be desired though.     The pay to advance though is ridiculous.  You will get to a point where you can no longer advance unless you are willing/able  to spend real money, unfortunately I don't have the disposal income to throw a $100 at a game, on my phone.  So sadly I do not see myself playing for much longer...
THE TUTORIAL IS TO LONG WAY TO COMPLICATED AND WE GET IT. THAT YOU NEED TO TRAIN TROOPS AND UPGRADE. I DONT HAVE FEEDBACK TO HELP YOU BECAUSE IT IS SO BAD YOU CANT CHANGE IT TO BE ANY BETTER. AND MY FACE WAS THE SAME AS ARNOLDS IN THE NONSTOP  ACTION PICTURE AFTER PLAYING 10 WHOLE HOURS OF TUTORIAL.
Although this game is FREE TO PLAY in in order to get anywhere you have to buy packs. Any new gear is automatically in the 99.99 packs. This gives a huge unfair advancement​ over the poor folks. Although yes it's a war game still its garbage. The packs are ads everytime you log in. A speical crate with bonus items are there IF YOU BUY PACKS
Complete money grab. You need to spend thousands, and. Not just a few, I personally know people who are over $20,000 in on this game. The spending never stops and only gets worse as they release something new almost weekly that cost a minimum of $1000 to complete. You have been warned. Unless you have thousands of dollars to blow on nothing, stay away.
Idk not happy yet, I'm still learning but I can't get my pot bucks for down loading and building up to level 6 yet.  This ain't even my kind of game but I did try and I'm not giving up yet! I am now deleting my game. They emailed and said they could not give me my points for another game I'm deleting this right now. I'm so mad I got to level 8 and we supposed to go to level 6 to get 480 pot bucks! This sucks
It's nothing like the ad that popped up for the game. Really boring, doesn't keep my interest very long. Having to pay for everything is just plane dumb as well. I would imagine paying for chests and what not but the rest is just rediculous. Lots of crashes, and quite a few bugs. I don't recommended this game at all and it came downloaded on my phone. What a waste of space.
Don't waste your time or money. People in the chatrooms bragged about spending upwards of 5 thousand dollars on their accounts. If you are a competitive person or have no life this will suck you dry. Because the only way to win is spending money. Developers are preying on the ignorant. Don't be a fool, don't go on this fools errand.
Hate the game in its entirety. Dumb money sucking leech is just trying your patience by figuring out how to spend your money on crap you can wait for. Nothing but upgrades and timers. Absolutely no gameplay whatsoever. And cheap graphics. A monkey couldda done better. I'm only downloading it so i can get points for a real app.
This game is set up for you to spend $100s repeatedly. Exactly like game of war. Not a fair game at all. Waste of time and money. It's set up for you to lose so you will have to spend more money to replace what you lose each time. A 200,000,000 power player can destroy a 500,000 power player. There's no match making or power comparison restrictions.
Jesus Christ Jimmy lone. STOP RELEASING UPDATES WHERE IT'S ONLY ONE SMALL AS FEATURE YOU NOOB DEVS. L2C
Love the cleaner version and the variety of chat bubble colors. I do wish I can put the app in my SD card, and sometimes I don't immediately get the notification when I get a new message. In rare cases, I could go days without the app notifying me.
Since the most recent update I can no longer view links posted in kik or see the kik points shop. Which leaves me with 14k points and no way to spend them before they expire, and I can't get any more emoticons or stickers. Error msg says the page won't load.
Messages delete after a while and they delete when you sign out. I think this should be changed. I don't want to lose all my messages. Also, with the new update, all smileys were made free, but Loaded With Fiber of the Guac smileys is 750 points. This is the only priced smiley (besides the ones that will disappear) I could find.
M/21/British /English. Anyone from the uk fancy a chat? Gender doesn't matter, lol.  just be fun to talk to. Please have a profile picture(I won't reply without a picture) , also around my age. :)
It's really good. Ive used it for years. I like the interface. However, after the last few updates, I haven't been able to access the kik store. I dont know if anyone else is having this problem. I also wish that you could full-screen the video chat with that new feature.
My sticker store and bot shop. Basically every feature other than messaging isn't working. Kik bot has sent me a pop up sticker store and that won't work either. I tried opening in the browser and it crashes, telling me it can't work without the new update that I already have.
APPLE GETS THE HUGE EMOJIS BUT ANDROID DOESN'T? THAT'S JUST NOT RIGHT OKAY ALL EMOJIS DESERVE JUSTICE AND EQUALITY AND TO BE REALLY BIG AND CUTE JUST LIKE ON APPLE. I WILL CHANGE MY REVIEW ONCE YOU FIX THIS THANKS.
Good forecasts.  Very accurate radars it's always good to have this app.
Please tell us how much snow. Yeah 80% chance great.... So how much?!?! 10 inches or 10 feet?!?!??
Still the best weather app. Put together in a very respectable package.
GREAT APP. KEEPS ME INFORMED ABOUT OUR LOCAL WEATHER.
Thanks, educating and keeping us informed, weather affects all.
the app suddenly drain 200MB data from my payg sim!
Not find any change due to update of  different countries. Same way of running, provide some zigzag, have tunnels, have some stations to stop where he can take rest, have a train running along with him parallely. Change shuld increase more fun and excitement..
Hay guys you should try some more realistic graphics like train is passing trough a forest or some heal or some kind of bridge and try to add some difficulty otherwise it is a fantastic game to kill time Infact it is addictive game I would say.
This Good Game...I am so addicted  ..but I have a complain. I also play some other games which attached with Facebook Id and all those games scores are always the same even I change the device tablet or change mobile...but here as soon I make good score and collects keys and boats all goes away when I log into different device....why it happened.  request you please keep our scores scoured with our Facebook id. its a request. Please help your customers
Plzz give new update eagerly waiting. Valentines week is coming and no place is better than DELHI(INDIA)  for couples. So add a delhitie in a new update it would be interesting !
When i was about 5, my sister and i would sit on the couch and play this to see who got the better score and we had a blast. What I'm  trying to say is that this is a great game.
I absolutely love this game! My girlfriend hates how much I play it. Im always trying to beat these missions and I'm a sucker for collecting as many as I can. It's very very addictive.
This is horrible game Don't download this game it is a faker this game is a virus it would steal ur info and kill ur pride don't even lie and say it is good because that will make u a bigger liar than the creators. It deleted all my work and hacked me they found my credit card number and bought up stupid stuff I am furious I will sue and get my revenge one day don't download it will crush ur spirit it will ruin ur life, family, and relationships. Ur boyfriend will dump u on prom night because ur phone has a virus. Ur life will be over as u know it. It crupputs people making them think this is fun this is serious ur doomed if u download this game. U will regret this and have to buy a brand new phone. I was so close until it ruined my LIFE!!!!!! I HATE THE CREATORS. I can't believe that all my hard working has only  benefited them they are liars don't buy into the faknese. U will be sorry u didn't Hied my warning. U r a moron if u read this and downloaded the game anyways.this is a retarded game  u can laugh and think I'm crazy but they ruined my life!!!!!!!!ahahahahhha AHAHAHAHAHAhah!!!!!!!!!!!!!😣😕😲😫😒😞😟😫😒👹😈😦😭😢😤😤😤😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😬😈😧😦😱😰😠😡
Awful... terrible! I was hoping against hope that update 2/7 would finally work but NO CHANGE NO CHANGE NO CHANGE! Same problems still there! How many updates will it take before it works right for me? Why can't you fix it??? Excruciatingly sloooooooow & always says unfortunately twitter has stopped. CRASHING! No problem with any other app but yours! Please try again & fix asap! Also can't undo a retweet after original tweeter deleted it. Always damn bugs 🐜
Solid app. I spend huge amounts of time with it! Just two things... -It auto refreshes at times and makes me lose my place in the stream. It can be difficult to locate the tweet I was reading afterward! -It's taken to telling me the meaningless and inconsequential message, "Sorry, we were unable to send 0 of your tweets." Trivially annoying.
it's all good, but can u have it so the pictures I post don't onto my phone? I wouldn't mind if I edited it on the app, but it's just saving it despite me not doing anything. I'm getting tired of having to delete the doubles
I love the website but the app is so glitchy. Constantly have problems loading my timeline and searching for users. Sometimes videos don't load and pictures just freeze a lot. Don't know why this just started but it's very frustrating
I dislike the new updates. When i upload a photo to twitter, the image will saved back to the gallery so i have double of the image on my gallery, it is consuming memory and i should delete the image often. Please fix this one, dont make the uploaded image saved back to gallery again because it DOES consume my memory. Thankyou.
1) No longer adds video previews when i tweet links to youtube. 2) Mobile Notifications in Settings turns itself off as soon as I leave Twitter app settings. 3) Saved searches don't have Xs next to them so I can delete them.
I barely created a twitter account and it already got locked! This was my first twitter account, and I didn't even get the chance to do anything! (Edit) so I have to give my number to be unlocked? What happened to that being an option!? 1 star until this is changed
Like the cloud and used to like the smart filters but the auto filter always overcompensates. Big thing is that the app is missing the ability to move private photos out of the photos folder and into some private sub folder. Missing a star system so you can mark your photos for easy filtering once you know which ones you want to keep. Photo editor needs some more tools (background blur).
I would prefer better sorting options. I'd like to be able to edit some of the photo info from the app- there are no photos on my tablet taken in 1972. I'd like an easier option for how photos are grouped when uploaded. Like in albums, instead of being forced to create system folders.
The whole process of pushing things to the cloud, creating predetermined folder names and attempting to organize my files is absurd.  As a photographer, and a tech nerd, I'm perfectly capable of organizing my photos in the manner I wish with names that make sense. I  DO NOT need an assistant and this application creates yet one more layer of benign minutia I need to sort through for the sake of "convenience" to the user.  I hate it!
Im hoping all my pics n vids have been saved frm the beginning as my computer stopped working and until i get it in for repairs chrome is the only place i know of besides cloud and i dont remember if i registered w that site. Tired of emails user IDs and passwords to zillion addresses.
Love the assistant feature! Photo animations and video albums set to music are awesome! Auto backup with unlimetted storage makes storing photos a breeze! Accessible on any device and safe if anything happens to your device! Can't say enough good stuff about it!
Absolute crap. I should be able to select the DCIM or 100MEDIA folder to view only pictures taken by the camera. Instead this app jumbles downloaded pictures with camera pictures making finding particular images almost impossible. Useless app.
I love that all of my photo's are safe. in the app's cloud, Yet I haven't  figured out how to take them from the "CLOUD" back to earth,so that I can  photo shop  them when I have the time.. Would love some help💦  as how to do this.. otherwise I would rate it a 5+..
Neat features but haven't explored them yet in depth. Also no clue what's changed in last few updates.  Updated to 2.8.1 from 2.7.0 from v2.6.0 from v2.5.0... Sadly the detailed What's New information hasn't changed:  "An all-new set of smart, dynamic filters to enhance photos with a single tap; Advanced editing controls ; More movies, made for you… ".  On HTC ONE [ m7] Vodafone 4g, Android 5.0.2, Smart Launcher 3.24.11F(beta)
Just a simple swipe up motion and the LED light of your phone works as a flashlight. No invasive permissions, although there are ads displayed at the bottom for which I will take 1 star... Other than that, just a flashlight.
It realty works and does not waist battery.  And makes lot of light
I really like this app!! Its great i just think if u added different lightings to it if u can do that
Had no flashlight to see inside my computer when replacing a part. This saved the day. Thanks!
Quick to install, wonderful bright light; handy in: winter, for  bed-time reading, DIY etc. Just dandy :-)
I like it very much.it is very useful when you are outside of your house.tnx a lot guys
Stick to the walking dead people cottoned on that your only in it for the  money I am a big fan of R T S bit this is just rubbish is confusing and over the top. I will be deleting this horrific game I mean there is no link between a candy crush type game and wrestling. I mean look at the supercard game if you want a decent wrestling based game! I mean scraping the bottom of the barrel for ideas to make more money from people sort it out the game play is shocking and avoid if you like wrestling  or candy crush based games
thanks 1st I didn't believe that puzzle game can be so good but u add wwe and all world changed.  2 things kindly add women,  wwe divas in roster too.  it will be great.  also add superstar entrance music and winning celebration.  thank u god bless
Horrible game. Computer opponent always gets lucky with 4 or 5 matches while you are forced to make moves that give them even more hits against you. They hit every 2x put out. Too much of a coincidence to not be on purpose. Super inflated difficulty to entice you to purchase a virtual game pack that cost more than actual games. Deleted before reaching level 3. Will not download anything from developer or wwe in the future.
Great looking game, but seems to be rigged to encourage you to pay to get anywhere. The computer always seems to have an advantage, and often gets crazy combos. Also, it takes way too long for your wrestlers to heal, and unless you pay for the special loot boxes, you're very limited to which wrestlers you get. If you don't want to spend your hard earned money to progress, be ready to play for a long, long time.
This game and slow process unless you want to pay for upgrades, which is what it seems geared towards.  It was fun at first,  but it rarely gives new superstar cards workout passing for them.  If this doesn't change I'm going to find something else to play.
I love the game. But the matches seems to be more by luck than skill points. I'll have a character who is hundreds of points above a opponent and I'll barely win. Sometimes I won't win! I hope to see more balanced matches or better use of the skills than hoping for a major match combo. Usually I'll make one weak match and the opponent will have a 10 match combo right after me. I absolutely love the game and it doesn't seem to be a cash grab like WWE Supercard. I used to love that game now it seems to be a system of if you're not paying you're not winning.  Anyway. I love the game and the little nods to WWE's past. Like Legend Killer Randy Orton or Ambrose in NXT having his original finisher by name. Definitely keep that going as I love to see what characters come next. I'd like to see women added too. And more current NXT people like Shinsuke.
The app works pretty okay if on WiFi...but, BUT! If using data for calls out in the street where not on WiFi then the connection sucks!!! Nice cheap phone service...But really need to fix connection when off WiFi...drops calls and has choppy calls....not costly which is great but fix the bugs to hand over WiFi to data, phone thru services to other providers and overall data usage when off WiFi. Love the price hate the service....can u hear me now....still nope...just freaking text me...or wait til I get home...what if I need to make an emergency call???
Does not contact always reaches someone's voice mail even if they aren't forwarding your call and they also do receive your texts smh not to good
It's been glitchy, it will only be on there for 5 seconds before taking me to the home screen, I hope you guys fix this...
it's been a good but I don't know when someone is trying to contact me, no ringtone on either calls or text.
App doesnt ever want to open and when it does it wont let you text or call because it freezes and then it will close all on its own. It sucks!!!
I love the services and options. When the WiFi connection is good this is a powerful app!   Great Job and a handshake to it's developers and creators.
I find it very interesting to find all different things that I like and others have the same interest as me.
I know why most Roblox mobile clients tend to lose connection to the server! 💡 Most Android systems have a limit of how many requests it can make each time the game renders. Roblox for Mobile, for instance, has a part count limit. If you join a game that exceeds that limit, the app resets automatically, bringing you back to the home page. I still like the app but I don't know what to say about it.
Love this game! It's very addicting and a great time passer. My only issues are the ads, and how much hints cost. Instead of 25 coins why not make it like 10 or 15 coins. I use my hard earn money for hints and I use it a few times and bam all my coins are gone. Also as well it saying words that I know are real words that aren't and then there being words I didn't even know on the game. I mean I understand theres a lot of words. And it's cool we get to collect those words. But why not add like acronyms like "suv, atv, lol, lmao, dvd, CEO. Vip" etc. It's just an idea. And also why not add two letter works as well. Like "it, is, at,if, do,so " etc. I mean those are words as well.. just some thoughts to improve the app.
I feel mislead by the ads and reviews. You need to pay $10/month for YouTube Red to get ad-free, navigate away and still have the music play, and choose your playlist. This app is basically just Spotify but shittier because Spotify lets you have the option to turn your screen off or use another app while the music is playing, unlike this one.
I totally love this but now not so sure. I had the ad free turn your phone off still listening experience forway longer than 3 months. My 4 yearold accidently purchased yt red on accident so when i asked for a refund i sure got it cause obviously if i thought everything was free already there was no need to purchase. Now that i got the refund....im no longer able to access what i was already getting. Like able to still listen while my phones off. No ads. Now its like i HAVE TO SUBSCRIBE AND BUY. ITS BS.
Terrible, the interface is awful, it is impossible to navigate, and it is too simple. I don't have as much control over what music I listen to as on an app like sound cloud. 0/5 would not recomend to anyone who likes to have control over what the listen to.
After months of being an unusable app and youtube ignoring my cries for help they finally fix it. The problem though is that after all of the waiting, the service is not at all worthy of competing against Spotify or Google's own play music. Missing a lot of features expected in a music streaming service.
This thing would be a LOT better if it didn't replace songs from my offline playlist at random for something that was "recommended" for me. I'd also love it a lot more if i could choose what went into my offline list. Fix that and it'd be 5 stars.
Hello. I paid $9.99 for your YouTube red service. And it is continuously cutting out and shutting down in the middle of songs or giving me error when the song changes. Which means I'm not getting what I paid for. Fix this please or I will demand a refund.    Sincerely,   One very unsatisfied customer.
After using this for a bit I must say this is good. It's like YouTube but more optimized for strictly music which is tailored by my taste which goes by the searches I have done on YouTube app. I find it really cool I can watch music videos straight from here if I wish to use more data or just the audio if you care only for the music which either way is good I have that option. No ads is a bonus but I don't know is if that's because of my YouTube Red subscription or not but either way it's good so be aware of ads if they do take place. This is one of those godsends when you have a low capacity phone (16gb-32gb) saves a ton of space but if your like me who has expandable storage it's not a problem either way.
Don't install this app. It's a scam. The normal YT app does everything this app does.   Google chose to get rid of useful app like Google Reader and Google Plus (soon) so to create rubbish app like this.   Very unhappy with Google lately! They have so much money so they don't think about what they do anymore.
It's a addicting game however it takes two hours just to get one key that will keep you going for like 10 mins then it's another two hours. Also the keys to buy are way over priced. You get five for $2 and it's gone so fast. Back to waiting four hours to play for twenty minutes. I'm about to delete because it's ridiculous. You loose interest after four hours.
The stories caught my attention, but they want you to pay for everything! The chapters are short and you have to wait two hours before you start a new chapter. They have choices but you have to pay for "premium choices" so the story only goes one way without paying money.
This game is fun but having to buy the keys everytime you go to the next chapter is ridiculous.  Trying to get people interested in the story and then letting  them down is not right . I know yall have to make money but some people don't have money to blow. Also y'all should let the person being there character speak up more and not talk for them. That's no fun. We want to make are own story end the way we want. Not for whoever made this app do it. Please do some changes. Thank
I don't mind playing this game. But out of all the reviews i have read and after experiencing the game. I have to agree the diamonds and keys are too expensive or have the moat ridiculous wait times... what bugs me the most about this game is no matter how many people complain about the diamonds or keys, nothing is being done about it. Additionally nobody from the creators of this game have replied to any message posted with new information. I don't think the game is bad. I think the people who created it are not listening to the users concerns. Either the creators of this game make some changes or people are going to start unlocking this game for free diamonds or keys.
I've been playing for several days.. But now it's not letting me open the app.. It says it can't connect to the serve. I'm using wifi and i don't think there's an issue on my end. Internet connection is totally fine. Hope you'll fix it.
Love the game👌👍😊☺☺ I was not into stuff like this but it changed my mind it just relaxes me great stories especially freshmen , endless summer and most wanted. Crown and the flame is a little difficult totally stuck there 😢. Still love the game I am just going to try new stories😊 . U guys rock....                                                                                    P.S.- PLEASE ADD A SECOND BOOK OF MOST WANTED, I have been waiting for a long time .... PLEASE!!!!🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
The stories are very well done. However, I'm willing to spend some money or watch ads to earn keys and diamonds, but the amount you get for the money is a poor value. Also it makes no sense to charge keys for chapters you've already completed but still get no diamonds for them.
It is AMAZING. They had little to no stories when I first got it... because they were starting out...but I got SO HOOKED on the freshman, so I kept the app.And don't even start with the haunting of braidwood manor and endless summer. I am not disappointed in downloading this game. I itch for them to create new, long and "joocie" episodes each week!
OMG CONNECT!!!!!!!!! I Loved Because I Was In A Higher Level So Loved. But Liked It Because Connects To Facebook. Omg Guys. So. I Know It Always Happens At This Time As Much Better. But I Really Really Know It Guys. This Is Bunch Of Talks. I Know It. You Wished? C'mon. Lol. Read This With Your Eyes Or Your Mouth. It Fun App. Game center Was Most Fun So I Hate It. Don't worry guys! This is just for fun! DO NOT COPY PASTE THIS TO SAY. ONLY IF YOU WANT TOO. Lol. That my shouting voice. So bye guys.
Fabulous app, all. ready to start. Takes a little thinking before considering a move, quickly think twice. Brilliant graphics and scenes, awaiting hamers like ourselves. No point asking a third party because time is of essence. Get comfortable and a serious head, further adventures await. Quickly get cracking, time waits for no man. Think of a good strategy and gameplay, skill is greatly needed. Please endure a good morning and a brilliant day.😄
On my tablet when I go to play my game and record it so I can post it to YouTube and have my face in in! There is no tiny little circle next to the play symbol my friend told me to click on. It's not really fair to me because I have it fully up to date !!!! Please fix I even uninstalled and reinstalled installed!!!!! For now I am rating at 2 stars ONLY because my friends say it is the best app they have ever used to record!
Not a fan! Everytime I get a new device I can't connect to my games that I have been doing for years. Everything connected to Facebook and Google Play Games steps on everything! It is not possible to sign in to anything and have a password. I have had to make a new gamer id every time and can't even call them up again..... so frustrating!!!!
Update to play anything. I don't play games on my phone for record keeping or achievement hunting. That's what my computer and consoles are for. If there's a fun or engaging game I'm knee deep in on my phone. I'd rather have that spell out in game than have some pointless app take up more and more space on a limited storage space to enjoy the games I play. Goggle Play with yourself in your own space and stop updating at the very least. Fuddermuggerdagnabbitfreakinggooglingupmyjunktooblivion...............
Reminds me of steam but for mobile devices. There is an issue where all the people you follow disappear on play games, but are still shown in google+. This can be fixed by reinstalling the app. It would be nice to see a facebook link to get all my fb friends on play games, as well as direct messaging between players
I'm currently using a Mobicel Shift andriod device.And Google Play Games doesn't allow me to record my gameplay,Every time I try recording a message pops up and says "your device isn't supported". So I was wondering why does this happens?
The one thing I have a great time we have to do so by the end of the most popular programs ,and your family and friends and I am not wt to you. If the reader to you, and equipment for r yttrium, and the Price, I think the best, but the page. We will Rock You will need a time to do it. The only thing you want. If you have any w the best, and even the slightest bit of fun.
I love this app so much. It gets you right to the good stuff in a fun way. I cant have it thought because of the thirteen useless Google apps I'm forced to have and never use. This is one of the only Going Inc. Products on my phone that is editors choice. I love the app I just don't have the space.
The new update is better than earlier but the UI needs improvement. I hate it when it forces you to select only share cabs. All the other options just vanish.  Instead you can change the colours or de-highlight the ones which are not available. The map positioning needs improvement too. Google maps on its own work superb but some how your map seems to be way off from accuracy . I have used other cab aggregator's app and they have very good GPS map positioning.
I have been using uber everyday for my daily commute, but the prices for the same rides are increasing exhorbitantly. Your surge charges are just insane. The other day I was charged 385 INR for a ride which barely costed 85 INR. I used to promote Uber to my friends, relatives and colleagues but I am better off with OLA cabs and would prefer them for daily commute. Dont cheat your regular customers instead provide them with benefits for their loyalty.
so far i just once experience a driver take me too far. maybe purposely to take more money. it cost like almost x2 of the normal fare. i thought he use other way which is no traffic jam but still come out to the way where he pick me up. i ask why he use too far way..he said cannot pass this and that road. cannot do anything but just pay. the others trip i have 2 thumbs up. its just that some drivers like that he bring you too far to make more money..no offense, i just say truthfully about my experience.  Somehow i find this app useful and trusted as well..keep it up.
Love the Uber app my only complaint is after the second to last update on the app. The Uber car has totally vanished from the screen and it won't come back. I was thinking that maybe after the next update it would come back but no that wasn't the case. Maybe someone could look into this for me? Other than that love Uber 😊
Uber hasnt been working well recently, constantly giving me the wrong addresses and glitching/lagging a lot. I thought it was because i had not updated it, and i just updated it today. After the update, i cant even book an uber anymore. It doesn't have any bar or anything for me to enter the location into. I thoughy it probably was only happening to my phone and apparently some of my friends experienced it too today.
Tried adding new payment method through app. App briefly shows it but then it disappears from the list (although it shows up on the Uber web site). Try to sign in to the app and it keeps me in a phone number/password loop. On a day when the buses are not running and the taxi services are backed up, Uber wasn't there for me either. FIX THE APP! Just tried one more time. Brought me to the map and then bounced me back out.
The only bad thing about this app is that everyone and their baby momma are trying to sell "USED" items at new or almost close to new prices. I come on here to get a good used deal, if I wanted to save 5 dollars on a new item i might aswell buy it new. I didn't give it any stars down simply for the fact that I have found "some" great deals and when I met the people they were nice and friendly. 5 Star love it, please don't mark up your price likes never been used before.
I noticed that lately Offerup has started placing ads within the ads of individuals who are trying to sell. This is going to be a problem because you are making it harder for people to sell and actually make a profit. The ads being placed typically show the same product or a close match at a lower price. I understand your company must make a profit but that's a pretty low ball move in my opinion.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this app. I have got so many great things, and also met alot of great people!!! I am a stay at home mom, and I have gotten to meet a ton of women just like me. I also have met people I trade clothes, shoes, etc., with all the time! I live in the Tulsa area so there is great deals on here....it seems if you live in a bigger area OKC,...places like that you have a much more variety and options than you do in a smaller place! Love this!!!
Beautiful app with plenty of action here in the PNW. I would recommend this app very much so! Only semi-con, the descriptions and pictures (sometimes) of things sold are vauge and indistinguishable, and could use a little regulation. This problem is not due to the marvelous app but rather, to the hillbilly ineptitude​ of an uncomfortable percent of my local peers in this helpless town I reside :)  Get the app, and find kickass stuff!
It'$ the new Craigslist!!! ... " Sorry Craig. I vist your site still." TRUE THOE!  Almost everything i have posted has sold & i have bought stuff too. I like that every thing posted requires pics. I see nice stuff in here just about every day. Very user friendly.  Also i really appreciate that "OFFER UP" keeps track of buyers & seller, text  communication, phone #'s & all fun jazz that goes with it.  COOL APP! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐STARS
Offer up is a good idea, but getting worse all the time. Too many outdated posts (like a year old!) and no mechanism for them to be removed. Have tried reporting posts that do not respond to repeated contact attempts, but Offer Up won't do anything about them. I have shared this feedback with them and they do nothing. Offer Up needs to find a way to make posts expire to get rid of all these old posts that no one will respond to. Wastes a lot of time wading through them. Eventually, it will collapse under the weight of these old posts.
Great app but U gotta be careful with some of the people on this app are very strange. Even if I'm buying or selling I always get nervous about meeting some of these ppl. Depending on how they conduct themselves in a phone call.. Pay attention to the buyer/sellers choice in words.. If something seems fishy or too good to be true, it's probably because it is.. Always remember, whether you're buying or selling... The more you present yourself professionally,  the more likely you are to find what your looking for.
I will never buy in store again. This shop is a life savor, I have purchased many items and were well pleased, I even shopped for family and friends. I just purchased an item tonight. It's like lays chips, you can not get enough. Awesome site!
None of the images will load. This is extremely frustrating especially since I've emailed the developers several times since the issue started again and have gotten only one response. Latest update hasn't fixed it.
Old one, but still not fixed since v. 5.8.2: The image is automatically shifting when dragging a zoomed email content: to the left when dragging on diagonal from bottom left to top right; shifting to the right when dragging on diagonal, from top right to bottom left. Samsung Note 3, Lollipop 5.0.
This update was not good! I'm less than three minutes of used 129MB of data must to quickly look at the new stuff! Glad I didn't send anything! This app is Big data and Battery HOG!! GUESS IT WILL NEVER CHANGE!! Ready to UNINSTALL!!!!
The app used to lag  behind other mailing app, but Yahoo came up with a super update that put the app on the track again. I feel it's the most secured mailing app currently
2/10/17: Last update really screwed up the app. Response time when trying to reply to an email makes it impossible to use. You have to type 1 letter at a time and then wait for app to show it . . . wait wait wait. Sometimes I can't even get it to acknowledge I am trying to type.  Will you ever put it back so unread emails are bold instead of only having a little blue dot next to them? Every other email program shows unread with BOLD. Why are you trying to be different?
This new version of yahoo android app is pants. The app has improved, however I can't delete some messages in the deleted folder on my phone. I had to do so on my laptop but the app won't update. Still got hundreds of messages I can't get rid off and eating up my memory capacity,.
Has you sign up BEFORE it tells you it is not available in your area! For heavens sake do that FIRST!!!!
I've never used a lyft before but I can't redeem any of the promos. What is this.
The app is very good but we need more incentives e bonus to be more driver friendly.
It's awesome app to edit our photo..... Amazing
I lyk this app.... One word awesome
Nice app i loved it!
Best app there is love it
I need more training
Does what I want well.
Awesome editing tool
It's, super addictive, that I was able to keep my self in one place for once.
Gets you thinking​, rather good game at that. I really enjoy playing​. Also relaxing music.
Too much commercial interruptions. Other than that, it's a good time killer.
It's a good g5 game spicy challenge game. To get all the levels correct
The game is fine but the ads are just popping out that's what I hate so I guess I might delete the game if the pops up again Please stop the ad for free
Yeah, its good for newcomers but for experts that already completed all levels and ] want more official levels from robtop, these are way too small and easy. We want like theory of every thing 3 or something
Clearly developer got greedy and doesn't care about this app anymore. Levels are super short, not even remotely challenging, and ads are constantly showing everywhere. I was a big fan of the original game, completed all the levels, but this is total garbage. What a shame.
This game is awesome! The last level is very tough but I finished it. Music better than geometry dash meltdown but could you please add new levels a little quicker I am getting little bored playing the same levels.
No. Just no. I loved the Geometry Dash games until you made this one. The levels are VERY short and EASY. TOO short and easy. I don't know why this is named Geometry Dash World, not Geometry Dash Toddlers Who Have Phones. It has become obvious that you're just in it for the money and you ruined a perfectly good, 5 star material game. What happened to you guys? The once addictive, interesting game has now become a milking cow for money. You have abandoned the gameplay (short levels, too easy) and focused on the unnecessary details (like the shops and 9000 types of currency). You have disappointed me. You receive 2 stars for the graphics.
Fun game. Dont get me wrong, I love the game! Simple yet challenging. But it somehow says that my email account os invalid. Pls fix and I will rate 5 stars.
i hat the controls every tim i keep tapping it stops me from jumping. When i stop tapping it keeps making me jump. And i hat ur life
Absolutely sucks. Glitches like crazy. When I tap, it sometimes doesn't move. Sometimes it will keep jumping though I'm not tapping.
I love this game, but I have a problem with it. All of the daily levels are harder rated levels and I can't complete them. Most of the featured levels are hard or harder rated levels, and I   am bad with those levels, so I can't complete a lot of those. I can't even complete the normal rated levels either, they're too hard for me. So, can you feature some easy rated levels, Robtop?
I get the feeling that the game designer here doesn't even want people to play. Do you want people to play your simple little game? TRY NOT DEPRIVING PLAYERS OF ALL THE INCENTIVE TO PLAY FOR 18 HOURS. The more I play, the more the game removes my ability to make money, earn experience, and win chests by placing first or winning cups. The message is "you're enjoying our game too much, so we are going to make it shittier so that you won't play it for a whole day. Wtf kind of thinking is that?
Hello! I loved hill climb racing. Really big fan. Was thinking its getting boring, how can they really make it better,  there is no why they could,, BUT THEN YOU CAME OUT WITH 2. This is truly better LOVE IT. GREAT JOB!!   BUT if I can make  only 2 request,,   1 CAN YOU PLEASE PLEASE BRING OVER THE HOT ROD. 2 can you please make more paint and extras customizing The vehicle?   Sincerely: One of your biggest fans keep up the
Good game at first but then I realized that the people who i'm racing in racing mode can't die and they can go through obstacles but I can't. Also, it is way too easy to go up a league. This makes the game finish quickly. I think it should take more trophies to go up a league because just with 4 races, your already half way through one league. Please fix this.
Has potential to be better than the first one. But it seems as if they have  turned into another gem style game company. Can't really advanced quickly by game play, so they make it where you have to spend money to fully advance. I think i have to watch enough adds to cover for that. Uninstalling!
Improve it please.  A player should invite a friend and race at the same time(not the recorded best play of a player ) .. It should be in real time.   The game is Good, but improve it and I will give 5 star.  Should be able to play on Hotspot (no data/no Internet connection) and the other player shall connect on it.   Just like the BOMB SQUAD,    Note: this is only a suggestion.  I hope you will improve this game.. Good day.
Loved the first one. This builds on that by adding customisation, races and the ability to race other users' ghosts! It's a very smart idea which means there's always a race available.   The progression is good. Not too slow or quick in the higher levels. New update adds more progression levels which is good. When I maxed it I felt like I was going nowhere!   Great game, keep the updates coming!
Fun sequel, I liked the original better but there are some great things about this one too. Main dislike - it looks like you'll be able to race against your friends live but you can't, you can only race against a recording of them playing. Not nearly as fun as it could be. Live racing and it is easily 5 stars!
I have never liked the Original HCR as the gameplay is lame & dull. But, when I tried out the HCR 2, I felt more inclined to it!! The beautiful and colourful levels and vehicles attracted me to it instantly. The online multi-player option is an amazing feature. However, throughout the 'Mine' level, there seems to be a frame drop issue. The issue is present in all the devices that I tried out. For people with patience, earning coins and gems won't be an issue. But for others, in-app purchases would come in handy. I really like the game and enjoy it!!!
Wish I could give this game and EW c/s a negative 1000 stars.  Game graphics are great, ideal is great. Game performance is horrible, and game CRASHES all the time.  Crashing is an on going problem that EW has been aware for months (fall of 2016) but does not or will not fix.  All EW wants is your money, they could careless if the game works or not. So, STAY WAY from this poorly written and poorly maintained game!
Garbage site with too many stupid ads It was a promotion from tapjoy on another app and after suffering through this crap for the required 10 rounds they said I didn't meet the requirements of reaching level 10 and was for nothing. Save your time and find a better game
This game is horrible. It is so pay to win cause if you don't pay you are getting attacked by people who spent their money to win. The people themselves are rude. The gameplay video is nothing like the actually gameplay. All they want is your money so the shove offers up your butt and it's annoying. Please don't  waste your time or money on this stupid cheap pay to win game
Lot of hype for a typical, complex  game.  Their gold ads will absolutely drive you insane. They are everywhere - in game mail, On screen in multiple spots and pop-ups. Be prepared to spend big bucks to advance.  Can't even upgrade commander without cash. I'm not paying you that much money. No way. No how. Look at all the recent 5 star fakes. That tells you a lot. Fakes Suck.
Great game like LoTR:KoM, but leaders can be killed. Continuous PvP without continuous resource farms. Has a support team that listens to any concerns and responds to fix the trouble. Lots of guides available for reference. Pay attention, don't pay too much (you don't need it), and have tons of fun!
Mirror image of Game of War, free to play but if you want to participate you need to spend hundreds or thousands of dollars. They release new stuff to buy each week but fail to resolve known bugs from prior updates. Don't get sucked in.
I use this app constantly and it's never done this before the update but sometimes I'll send a message and it won't get actually delivered for like two hours. It says it's sent and everything but the person doesn't get it for hours and hours. I think this is a problem that needs to be fixed
You guys still havent fixed the issues with Kik it still kicks you out after you try to scroll back in the instachat then you have to get back into Kik and start the process all over again change it back to the old settings it was better that way
I've used Kik for a few years now. It would be a lot more convenient and easier to use if I could select multiple photos at once, instead of having to send them one at a time. Also, when using the video calling feature, it would be a lot better experience if the video of yourself and the person is full screen instead of just little bubbles at the top corner.
I can't use the internet on Kik anymore nor access any Kik based sites and it's super obnoxious. I'm actually starting to hate Kik. It was fine before the updating and I wish I had the old version.
Love this app, only problem I have is not being able to be logged into the same account on 2 different devices without it logging you out on one and clearing all of your conversations
Just stop updating it, everytime kik updates it gets 10x worse! I absolutely hate the way it looks now and the video chat sucks, you can hardly see the other person.
I'd much prefer it if there were an option to disable video chat. I keep accidentally hitting the switch for it.
#fml I hate it when I'm invited to a group I can't get rid of the contacts I don't wanna talk to. Lag is horrible and i am only in one group and talking to 5 people in the private message section
It's still slightly slow but it's improved, the calling is a bit weird, maybe something more like Skype would be better where it has a notification sound and has a call screen also lately it keeps giving me the notification to tell me about the search and the # thing which is kinda annoying
I watch the weather man on the news and you are more accurate every time😃
To many ads but good better than the website
Way too ads while watching videos. You've ruined a good thing.
Easy to read. Can know what's coming and prepare
The game is good but there is a problem with it. If I connect the game on a new phone then even the game gets synced but I am unable to get my previously earned coins in the new phone. Can this problem be solved?
I love this game and everything about it... Except... I wish we had a way where we can backup out game progress so whenever we switch phones, we can start right where we left off. Plz make this happen.
Because,it's  repetitive and there's a glitch that when I have a high score it sputters and freezes for a split second and I lose plus whenever I have around four to five surprise in a game it doesn't double my surprise what a ripoff
You need to go all round not only USA or Europe. The only country in Africa you have used is Kenya. Secondary, I will love to see human characters in the sideways, to give it life
I 😍 this n addicted to it but plz  update and change it to some new country that's also an old version not new I played it before I think last year
Not very happy when I spent all this time on this game asked for me to update and loss all my progress and starting over I'm done this is second time this happened
Everything is going good except when you receive a call or text in the middle of the game you actually have to get out to text back. And when you have bought certain jackpots then the other ones shouldn't come up so often.
Its a gud game, but it still scratching I don't enjoy it, please fix this problem and five stars will be yours @kiloo
I would give a higher number but honestly twitter needs to fix the bug on android phones that prevents me from changing the ringtone. It's been years and multiple complaints I see from people and not a single effort made to Fox the problem
The only app that lags on my phone. Awful. Also Twitter should add an ability to edit tweets. By the way, Belarusian language here detects as Ukranian. Search works 100 times slower than in other social media apps. There's a lot to work on, Twitter!
Ever since it updated Twitter has now been saying every picture I post saves. Giving me double pictures. It's incredibly annoying. I've looked everywhere to see if I can turn it off and I can't. If there is away please let me know. If there isn't a way, fix this.
Got internal popup asking me to "rate" it. If you "rate" it 5 stars, it will redirect you to play store to rate it for real. Otherwise they won't. This is a typical dark ui pattern you expect from some shady noname junk apps. You should be ashamed.
It's very slow loading. Format is kind of confusing. Need just a few more character's. Maybe 10 would be enough. Have a hard time finding people to follow that at least have something in common. That's where Facebook has you beat.
After recent update it freezes and goes blank whenever I access lists, notifications, email, etc.  Also not happy about how Trump supporters get death threats and they submit complaints about these threats, yet Twitter is so biased they do nothing about these terrorists. But on flip side Trump supporters have to be in pristine behavior or they get suspended. Nauseating.
I just added this app to my phone just so I can ask one question and get a honest answer from someone. What ever happened to the ladies thataccused Donald Trump of sexual abuse during the election..
The new tweet threading when I'm already looking at a tweet is gross. Annoying. I want to see all the replies in time order. I only bothered updating bc my old version of the app stopped connecting. Now I'm tempted to find archived inbetween versions that still work.
I wish there was a feature to adjust photos in the collage as far as placement and zoom is concerned. It does a good job a lot of the time. But it's made some that cut off the subject of several pictures.
Idk if it's just me, but I could've sworn Google photos use to have a lot more features to mess around with!! Like the different effects and all that (drama, the black and white, the HDR, and all that lol)
LIKE THIS APP SAVE'Z ALL MY PHOTO'Z N VIDEO'Z,YOU CAN LOOK BK AND GIGGLE AND GO OMG,BUT HAVE IT PRIVATE 4EVERY 1PLZ.SUM THINK'Z YOU DONT WANT 2SEE OR NEED 2SEE.AYE AYE MIN NEEP'Z N TATTIE'Z😉
PLEASE Stop with the *EVERY day Updates!!. It's ANNOYING. FIX ALL THE BUGS AT ONCE OR I'LL Find another PHOTO Application. It's beginning to be Like Pinterest! And THAT IS ANNOYING ENOUGH!!. *Updated on: Friday, February, 10, 2017. At 10:35 Am.
UPDATE UPDATE❗❗❗ NOW 2! DAYS AND ANOTHER UPDATE...  NOT ONLY THAT, BUT *THEY CHANGED MY         SETTING❗*   FROM "do NOT auto-update" & UPDATED ANYWAY❗❗❗  Update- This is crazy! This Google app just had an Update 2/2/2017.  Now 4 days later another UPDATE ????  Leave it alone!  It was better 2 years ago !!!!!! .   I have selected ORIGINAL QUALITY backup.... Yet my photos are NOT,   THEY ARE BEING ALTERED TO AN INFERIOR LOWER QUALITY WHEN SHARED and WHEN I WANT TO DOWNLOAD BACK TO MY DEVICE.  And google is STILL COUNTING THIS INFERIOR QUALITY AGAINST MY 15GB STORAGE.
Why do y'all keep making information harder to access.. I don't want a day by day break down of my folders.. Jesus Google, quit over thinking things.
Neat app but slow to load & uses up a lot of battery charge
Never knew it was going to work! This is exactly what I needed to others who want to download it go for it!!! It is truly amazing❤
When ever i lost something in the car and its dark i could always turn it on
Next time aded multi colour changer mode thats why i give you one star.
Other flashlights dont work but this one i was not expecting it to work
It helps me to see in the dark when I need to walk through the house.
Very simple and works great, just the torch with other 9 strobe options...
That I can use it when I take my dog outside at night
I got this app a couple of minutes ago and it's a big help
Wwe fan 4 life. I see that people is complaining about not getting KO within 48hrs but i got mines within 24hrs. The only thing that does bother me about the game is the fact that the cpu gets alot of turns and the matches it needs to beat people, which i don't think thats fair. Other then that im a fan and will continue to play. Awesome game #SmellWhatImCooking
I love the game and I am not one to play games for very long. The only issue that I have is the recovery time for the wrestlers and the fact that there really is no way to recover them aside from putting the game down. If the player was rewarded with health after matches or maybe there was a separate portion to have the wrestler work out in some way to regain health it would be perfect.
I've been playing this game for a few days and now it won't load at all. Just sits at 0% spinning. I spent money like an idiot but now can't even play. You'll get a better rating when this is fixed.  I tried uninstalling and re-installing. I hope I get all my stuff back when I reconnect to facebook if this game starts working again
The computer gets too many skyfall combos, when you hardly ever get anything at all. They do this so you have to spend more money to level up your guys. I regret spending money on this game whenever really doesnt even help. Ill change the rating when the users have the same "luck" as the computer
Yet need to some upgrade to make game more intresting 1.put some thing like friendly battle 2.1 fractiom vs 1 ....battle like war......send req for cards too.3. Little make easy to get training cards.....if add below game be more ...intrsting nd awesome....now i love this game but after this ....it become fantastic
Kind of disappointed. Have been playing this game for a while now. Spent some money on it too. Now I can't revisit previous bouts because a new superstar is required in order for it to work. It's crazy how I have some 2 star matches that I can't even try to get a 3 star now. Also, all my wrestler seem to be at a big disadvantage due to all changes. New players are getting stronger wrestlers compared to us who have been playing since the beginning.
This game has a lot of potential, but everything is off. The healing of your roster takes a day which is absurd compared to every other game like this, which are many. There aren't many ways outside of dropping a ton of cash to get a lot of new people. It is a 20 min. a day game as is. The game is garbage. If you aren't going to dump a ton of cash into the game don't bother. You have to grind way too much and get nothing for it 90% of the time. Waste of a good concept.
I know this game isn't out for a while but if they drop new wrestlers or same one but different moves and different outfits, it'll be dope! I enjoy it. Love it actually. Reminds me of Dokkan Battle when it comes to playing. Love it alot. Should add entrance theme and voices from the wrestlers. More moves would be totally awesome too!
I think app is awesome, but you have to have Wi-Fi to call and text. You cannot go anywhere else that does not have Wi-Fi because it will not work
This app needs an OVERALL update. Everything about it is outdated and there are literally no "improvements" made to it. it's becoming a bore.
Works great ,only thing sucks is it only runs on a Wi-Fi signal ..but I recommend.
My notifications are not showing up and the calls don't come through unless I'm holding my phone in my hand I am not impressed
I love it. When you don't wanna pay your phone bill you get this. AWESOME!! GET IT
It has everything you could want I love it!!!!
Informative and artistic
It's awesome
I love it
Love sharing and finding creative and useful information.
Just love it!
Pinterest is a place you find yourself when your lost. It up lifts you it makes you creative. You become a chef a soul mate a parent a sibling you get your real self out there. No one knows what you like best except yourself and what better way to do that by having a place that reminds of who you are, were and will be. With the help of friends and people who seem to know what you like to even though they thought they didn't know you. Pinterest rocks. It's changed lives it did mine and it will do the same for you. It's not Facebook its face you!!!!
Love the app usually.. I am on this app all day. Quick and easy to upload my own pins. One thing I want added back is being able to see how many repins your pin has when you click on it. Adds are way over the top more and too many suggested pins, not enough of what my friends have pinned. Can't swipe through my pins for more than 2 before it makes me go back to the main page. Still not fixed (updated review 2/6/17)
Pinterest and HomeTalk two of my favorite places to get ingenious ideas. :)  Pinterest always notifies me of boards & posts that may be of interest to me, this saves me time searching. Only complaint is....this is very addictive which is not a bad thing more of a time management thing for me. If I am going to have some me time.... I do so with my tablet and getting ideas to make my life easier and personalize my space. &lt;&gt;&lt;
Uhh this is on my tablet so it kinda lags first,. Secomgd, the controls suck. I don't rely like them. Third, you gotta somehow make it offline! I get so bored when I cut play a single game on roblox. So yeah on PC it's way better and on tablet it's sucks.
Its.  A good game but the hashtag bit was going way over the top. All I'm saying is that Roblox is mostly full of people over 10 that cuss and there are less people who are like five on roblox so I found that unnecessary
Well it is a good game!  But it's a lil hard for me to use the controls since my left thumb is in a cast :P and the tags is way more stirct and silly. I can't say yo esto buein without it being tagged
I LOVE THE APP!! BUT...WHEN YOU GO ON TYCOONS...YOU CANT USE THE RAINBOW  CARPET OR ANYTHING LAPTOPS AND COMPUTERS CAN DO :C PLZ MAKE IT FSIR AND LET PHONES DO THINGS LAPTOPS CAN DO ALSO STOP THE HASHTAGS ITS ANNOYING OVERALL I LOVE THE APP! KEEP IT UP!!
Its way too laggy. I have this on xbox 1 and its absolutely amazing and I downloaded it on tablet and it didnt even let me play one game. Im really disappointed
I wouldn't say I hate it or dislike it. Not going off the stars. Just can't get any game to show on my screen. Every time I click a game, I get a black screen and just audio. Reinstalled several times.
I used to LOVE this app! It was great stuff mostly really cheap and it's a fun experience BUT THEY CHANGED IT!  One of my favorite things was that any random item you could click on it and if you purchased within 3 mins you could get it cheaper, now that's gone and you get "group buy" discount. . .They do realize women shop here,  right?  Why the hell would we all want to go in and buy the same damn thing??? We want to stand out from each other and this just sucks now. I spent $50+ a week, and now??? Not another cent. It SUCKS! Fix it back to good please.  Otherwise I'll never use it again and I know most other women won't either.
Used to be OK. Now it's full of scammers, drug addicts, and other trash. You can report them but that does nothing! People love to write about a item and you never hear back from them. Reviewing someone leaves your full profile so the people just cuss you out if you leave a rating/review. Items are always flagged sometimes for no reason. It's full of problems fix them and it would be better. Layout is bad too. No one click's on more info ever. You are always get asked where are you located. Proof no one click's on more info.
App on phone and tablet devices will not let you make corrections to your 1040 forms. Its has to be done from a computer. Say if u dont have a foreign bank account and it gets added then u have to pay for there services. Fix your damn app! If i want to delete it i should be able to delete from where i created data from in the first place right!
I like the game overall but feel that it lacks some of the qualities similar games have.  Maybe overly complicated with all the things you have to do and items you can use.  Feels more like a pay to play game then a free to play game.  Frustrating for new players especially when top players can hit you as soon as your out of protection.
It's very nice,I appreciate that But it should be improved a little You can do this by letting whatsapp show the list of online persons Bcause it is difficult to know who is online in whatsapp
Fun game. My whole family plays it. Ads are annoying but bearable. It would be nice if they showed up less frequently. And the banner ad at the bottom is really irritating. I've accidentally clicked it so many times.  My biggest complaint and I've only just noticed this, is when I play this game my battery gets sucked up HUGE. I pretty much can only play it if I make sure I'm plugged in an charging and that isn't convenient.
Too many ads. Pop ups, overlays during play, moving ads at the bottom during play are incredibly distracting. Ads are too frequent, which interrupts gameplay. I know you need to earn money for development and to pay the bills,  but could you reduce the frequency to, say, every five games?
I had the letters B A R R I E R and it wouldn't let me play any words, ended up using all my hints to find that the letters were wrong, was supposed to be AVERAGE. Wasted gold for hints on the game's error.  Awesome.
Fun game! Even got my granddaughter to play with me whether I wanted her to or not, lol. Stinker. Commercials aren't too bad. Only problem was the wish on the bottom. I like wish and don't mind shopping but not when I'm playing a game! Otherwise loved the game.
Amazing time killer. Can get a bit frustrating, but then when you get that hard to figure out word it makes your day. Would definitely recommend  to everyone
Needs custom play lists.  It is nice to be able to listen offline, though.  I just don't like having to scroll through other songs until I find the one I want to listen to.  I do feel like others complaining about the price are ridiculous.  You get a lot for what you pay for.
I love it but the only thing I don't like is that I can't manually edit my offline mixtape because every time I log on to a WiFi connection all my songs have been replaced with songs I don't like or are just in a different order to how I like them. I hope in the near future this will be changed.
Why make a "youtube music" app if you can't turn the screen off while listening?! I shouldn't have to pay for that feature. I could just use regular youtube. The only tiny perk is it creates a personal playlist.
Lies.  Pandora stopped working for us and I haven't had a chance to re-upload all my tracks to this new device. I'm looking for something I can use to belt tunes for my toddler, where I won't have to waste battery by leaving the screen on. Uninstalled within two minutes of download. Thanks for nothing.
Dude thie is exactly like YouTube unless I pay for YouTube red. The best thing about FREE apps is that they're FREE. Also, why the heck would i need to download YouTube again if it's one of thr system apps that I comes with the phone? This app is so useless!
Like the game but all important choices cost diamonds which is a diamond for each chapter... you can't make the choices you want unless you spend money or complete chapters... now I'm not getting diamonds for chapters I've played... if I'd known this I'd have never started playing..... waiting for a response why I'm not getting diamonds. ... wtf....
Addictive! Short wait time! Hour long stories! 2 free stories in less that 3 hours of waiting! You can make the story individual to yourself; the choices you make change the game for better or for worse. BUY MORE DIAMONDS!! This is WAY better than it's similar competitor "EPISODE"! GENDER INCLUSIVE STORIES!!! *faints*
I like it. I play it everyday but the problem is, things are so expensive. I mean that really. You see, not all of us can afford to buy diamonds to be able to choose better choices. 😒 It's too expensive. Like wearing something costs 20-25 diamonds already. But aside from the key and diamond issues, the game's great. Still looking forward for Rules of engagement book 2. I hope there'll be a book 2 about Eleanor.. I really love Braidwood Manor. ❤
Waaay too expensive with microtransactions. You can't hardly play the game without spending a couple of dollars every few chapters. And it has ads on top of that? Was enjoying it, but had to uninstall because it got to be too much of a hassle to try to play.
I like the game and all, but it would be better if the creators of Choices hmm... I.dunno.... ADD A VARIETY OF DIFFERENT STORIES. And when is the beta program going to not be overflowed? I've been trying to join for  a month now!
The game its self is great.  There's ads everywhere and to do well in the story they expect you to spend money.  Keys are needed to open chapters and those cost money.  I would pay a flat fee for the game but to enjoy this fully you would have to spend hundreds of dollars which is ridiculous.
This has once again diversified the combat typings, building on the slight changes found in Pillars of Eternity. Although there are still the standard sword-and-shield warriors and magic users, there are other unique classes this time around. In particular, players may find the characters of Lantry the sage and Sirin, Archon of Song, to be rewarding party members, not only because of their interesting characters but due to their unique
Of improvement and polishing.  Achievements need to pop up when they are finally earned, achievements should give points that are specified and not points that weren't specified in the first place, and so on.  Needs more attention to details, needs more features that are worth to have, needs more incentive for achievement hunters and some more incentives...  Game's should be required to have integration with Google Play Games.  .....
Google play games best feature is to record the screen while it also lets to directly post it to youtube. But it could have been made efficient for 2GB RAM phones. Lags at 720p settings for 2 gigs of RAM. And 480p is not sufficient for youtube though it lags even at 480p as well. But can't complain much because no other screen recorder apps in the market could even come close in terms of efficiency.
This update is horrible. It's too busy and difficult to navigate. My payment options left my profile and I couldn't add it back in. Now I can't see what the car is and splitting the gate didn't work at all. Please make it simple again.  P. S I have zero Deseret Snapchat in the Uber and I use your service am average of 10 times per week.
Unusable. I ask for a ride and even when the car has arrived, the app shows the driver is one minute away, so you can never officially start your trip. The driver had to cancel because it was showing him my pick-up location all the time. It's a terrible bug. Fix it please.
I was using uber for my office route since 2months.nd from some days i m seeing prices increased in morning at 1.9* rate.. Wht d hell is dis.. I have to 350rs instead of 165rs..seriously u guys are cheating people. Nd there is no tollfree no to call with ur customer care..
Offerup USED TO BE GOOD! Now it is a SCAM. Whatever you are selling has  a competing add listed below your add so you can't sell anything anymore. All of your traffic is diverted to places like Walmart, eBay, Amazon, "TMART" etc. I noticed my sales dropped off completely and looked for weeks for the cause then checked my offer up account from another phone and BAM there it was the reason all of my sales are gone. The adds load more slowly then the content but then they do and your sales are gone.
Very easy to use. Lots of scam cars posted all over the US for always 2000 and state to only email them and not message through site. Look out for too good to be true offers and click on buyer and see what else they post and what states. Please report them if something looks suspicious. Keep this site from scammers.
This is by far one of the top 5 favorite  apps I use.  I'd recommend to anyone. Has minute things like how you should be able to rate someone that messages you. Ie. Someone agreed with a process that I had with them $15 and I agreed that wanted to meet up later on they come back and reneged on the deal and said he wanted $25 so I want to be able to rate him as a very dependable seller.
When I first started using this app almost a year ago I absolutely loved it,unfortunately now I post items and have them removed. One such case is my novelty swiss gadgets collection being removed because it's prohibited under there dangerous weapons. But of course you can search the word knifes on there page and the tree email are knifes.
App used to work perfectly until, I updated. Big mistake it doesn't allow you to see what your buyer is asking or what their offer is. So frustrating & a disappointment. If it continues it'll be a useless app. & have to uninstall it.
"It's the new craigslist but better!" That used to be what I THINK about a year ago.  Now there are so many scam artists on here it's not even funny.  As soon as "bump" an item, I get at least two people, who just created accounts, that want me to email them directly to have the funds wired to me and have it "picked up" by some guys team because he is too busy.  No thanks!  Go spam or try to pull this scam with someone else.
AGAIN....STILL NOT FIXED......When trying to zoom in to see more info, everything goes crazy? WTF? Please fix asap. Everything else seems fine, but this glitch REALLY needs sorting.............Latest update:  STILL NOT SORTED - AGAIN....... zzzzzZZZZZ
It is impossible to delete mails from the spam folder. Even though I emptied my spam from the desktop version, spam mails stay-put in the mobile app. Very frustrating.
Typing within the app is now painfully slow. Constantly crashes after sending an email and things get stuck in the outbox and won't send. Awful
Utter nonsense...why do yous have to destroy something that worked fine ages ago but yous keep changing things & making things worse every time yous mess with this...utter nonsense
Spam is still a problem and now typing while creating or replying is trouble sine the key strokes lag and typing is difficult, any suggestions?
This app is good
UnAble to set frames
I LUV THIS CAMERA... ITZ VERY EASY TEW USE... THXS... ND KEEP UP THE GEWD WERK... 😁😁😁😁
It's a good editing app
wrost app
Super app
Love the effects and frames. Would definitely recommend it
I love it! So addicting and fun to play.  easy to learn difficult to master!
Too many advertisements.  I can't even finish one puzzle without it being interrupted by an ad.
Too many adverts, gets really annoying.
I think it is good because usually these sort of games are boring but I love this one💖💖💖❤❤❤💚💚💚💙💙💙💛💛💛💜💜💜
Great pass time, super addictive. It just has WAY to many adds.
They is way to many ads but it is very very addicting
It is really fun and easy but sometimes it freezes my phone.
Lot of Fun and addicting. Only thing is,theres too many ads
It's a wonderful game overall, but the only problem is that I just don't get anything from my chest, like they crack open then don't do anything for 5 seconds, which makes me exit with the red x after that, PLEASE FIX
The game is short and easy, but enjoyable and full of great songs. Sadly there's a glitch that resets all the data every time I restart the game. I'm on a Galaxy Tab A.
I like the new map in Dashlands and the Toxic Factory. I like how you can buy things in the shop, collect diamonds and orbs,use the spider and get LOTS of treasure from the Treasure Room. The one problem is that there is ads. Please remove them.
To hard it's just trolling me some time's on realy yes! ;( to hard it's like extremely insane!!! :3. But the   music is so good :D.
The game is great. I think it is very fun and enjoyable along with cute characters. The one thing I tuink you can change is more ways to get money, or make items cheaper. Besides that, great game!
Ok gdash first way too many adds... also it's to easy compared to the first one, and people already beat the game by going into the code and deleting the walls.
Way better then the first. Easy to level up and upgrade cars without actually buying any coin packs, you just have to learn when they become active again and be smart about it. Watch all the ads you can to get the most $$$. I've been playing since day one and I'm already at 205,000 points and have every car unlocked and maxed out.
Pros: Better graphics and gameplay compared with v1. Nice customization options. Cons: Too low income for free play. Even if you get to do new highscores the income is still low. The low income makes the game booring to play. I did 30 runs of stage 1 and 2 and barely got to level 3 of first car updates.
Honestly this is one of the better racing games out there. The graphics may not be on the level of Asphalt 8 or Racing Rivals, but the gameplay is superb. If I could just say however, the game often freezes on my Moto E from the car customization page to the race, and from one race to another, but other than that, Hill Climb Racing 2 is definitely one of the more superior apps available on the App Store.
Cups and Friends features don't work for me. It only says "Connection to game server failed! Check your Internet connection or try again later." Developers refuse to acknowledge my complaints. Store feature works so clearly the game is able to connect to their servers, to take my money of course.  Cups are required to progress in the game. Adventure mode is useless and pointless. Without Cups, the game is completely broken., pointless, and worthless.
Game play is good! But I think we all know we all don't play In real time or at least the others that your competing against aren't really playing. I have received many new paint jobs for my jeep but never appear why? I've taken a few stars off until I see an improvement, probably never will...
A big step down from Hill climb 1. This game was made to get as much money from you as possible while providing the least amount of content. Terribly disappointed. Too many ads. Barely any playable levels. They're all locked until you play for a long time. You don't get as much money as the last one either.
I liked the first game very much but I feel as if this one took a slight step backwards. This one is very limited on vehicles and tracks. The most fun of the first one was to unlock new vehicles and try to beat your distance with this new style of vehicle so if the game is limited to what is available it will be sad. Yet if there is more to come that is good but do think more should have been released from the start
I finally downloaded and played this game to get gold for another game (AdCap). I upgraded the base to 11 when they wanted 11 and have waited 5 days. It says they  Mobile Strike have not approved it yet. Then there is the problem of far too many ads and the poor graphics. This game is in no way fun. Save your time and money.
Ms have become to greedy and have ruined this game. False advertising regardless of their terms it only shows their poor intentions. Wish i never spent the amount i have. It makes me wonder why google play supports this kind of business knowing laws  vary in different countries.
NOT FREE TO PLAY. They ONLY way to progress and actually be strong enough to do anything is if you are prepared to spend THOUSANDS of US dollars or UK pounds.  It's nothing more than a money pit. Every 3 or 4 days they release new crappy to do at a considerable cost. It's a con.   Do not download nor waste your time on this.   This game is not as described.   The graphics are piss poor and the game play is laggy as he'll.
Good news is my phone's no longer getting hotter than Death Valley. Bad news is there's still plenty to be worked on. The UI is a sales trap (Wanna add resources? Be very precise or you're gonna tap the gold store by accident), we keep getting more stuff you 100% need to blow your cash on, and there are bugs with the mail system (invisible unread messages).
There are a lot of unnecessary ads. But it had Good strategies. But I only downloaded it for robux, yet I got addicted. But over awhile it gets boring, you start playing less because it gets boring and hard. Not that recommend for those who get bored or frustrated easily..
Had it at 3 stars originally...just money grabbing greedy developers at play here. Continuous and I mean non stop in-game promotions to spend more cash. Research times are ridiculous, seriously over 1000 days for some & upto 4000 and more! 10 years if you spend no money! Just WOW. Even when you do spend more money then you still can't keep up with the bullies in the game. Please get with the times and start doing something for the players!   Edited: still no response on my nil crates issue!
I upgraded fairly quickly and wanted to start "playing" the game. It is impossible without spending money. You have to upgrade to the highest level before you have a chance. The highest players are constantly attacking you before you can build up any kind of defences. I'm deleting this game and I'm tired of seeing the misleading ads as well.
This is 100% pay to play. You have to spend $125 just to get to T5 troops and if you have t4 you don't even stand a chance against anyone. Complete waste of time and money. Spent $25 before realizing you gotta drop another $100 for those t5 troops.
Not worth the download unless you can afford to spend alot of money to compete against the power houses who control everything. Can't hardly gather RSS on tiles with out being hit, in order to get certain items you have to spend lots of money. It's kinda complicated. And requires alot of research to make anything of yourself even if you're part of a alliance. Must log on daily and some researchers take over 30,000 days to complete, Unless you spend money for speed up's!!
My public group is no longer able to be found if you search the hashtag, please fix this. Also please make it so you can send gifs from your gallery
I don't understand why it keeps telling that I the image can't be downloaded or that video play failed. Every time... ppl can see my videos but I can't see theirs... why is that?
Wtf....video chat option is useless and the search option shows up automatically. Your updates are ridiculous. Learn to update properly.
OK so there is a little bug in the app where you text someone and they won't see your message. I hope you guys fix it
Kik' s new upgrade is awesome because you can video chat with people that have a different brand of phone from you and also it's just wonderful you can do everything that messaging can do but it's just more
(1)give us a way to actually expand the video caller's call window. I mean their faces are soo small.(2) PLEASE INCREASE THE SIZE OF THE PUBLIC GROUPS
Anyone up for clean chat? Hmu 26 f  mzinnocent413  is my username. Does anyone know how I can find cool groups to join or know of any cool groups? Reminder! Really am only on kik for clean chat. So don't text me if you want more. Guys or girls doesn't matter.
Im sorry but this sucks right now. I cant send pictures without it crashing and when i send videos it doesn't have sound. Please fix.
I am asking u for second time where are my all upgrades which I had previously I can't find upgares give me as fast as possible this is totally injustice
Its just perfect. Whenever i m bored i play it. And i love all the characters and everything!! I think u all should download it right now!
I love the graphics and the idea of a cop chasing you through a train track but, can you make some of the boards and characters cost less cause that is annoying to have to get 220,000 coins just for a teleporting board!!!
Can't play this game since 2 weeks it stucks sometimes when I play and can't even double any prize sort this problem please
It's really fun to play. I love it you can get some characters with coins or the keys you collect.You should really get this game a recommend it to you.
Omg...My 6 year old daughter is in love with this game!! She can play it for hours if I allow her to. I do at times, lol. Thank you!! 😇😀☺
Merhn it's a great game and never gets boring but will be more interesting if you use more African countries just like usa...racism ain't fun!!
Nice free to play game easy to get coins simple for all ages nice smooth controls but lower cost for special update charecter
Well, I think the game is very very interesting. It's a really fun game to play. Mostly when I am bored I play it , and I am having a lot of fun! It's a very great game. Tho the graphics have to be just a little worked
Nearly unusable now because the "liked by" junk is showing up on every other post. The are more of them than the things I follow. No way to opt-out of this garbage. It ruins the entire experience. If it doesn't stop I will stop using Twitter all together.
Keeps closing whenever I open it. Makes my other apps that are running in the background crash such as my music, Facebook messenger etc. Take forever to load timeline and mine or anyone else's profile and trending. Sometimes doesn't even load them it just crashes instead. When trying to write a tweet, my keyboard crashes and goes away then the whole page tries to reload then crashes and the app closes on its own. I've had Twitter for years but recently it's been rubbish.
It is much better than Facebook. You get the same feedback. But Twitter allows you to post what you really want. Facebook's censure is pathetic. I want to post artistic pictures with women showing their nipples and they think that is pornography. We are in the 21st century, get over with it. On Facebook you cannot not use a nickname because somebody can report you and then they ask your I'd like if they were the police. Twitter allows you to put your own personal name. I'm supporting Twitter over other popular social network.
I don't know what they did to this app but Twitter now runs at dial-up speeds, taking over a minute to load the timeline, a search, or a tweet thread -- that is, when it doesn't crash first, which it frequently does. I keep reporting the problems and none of the updates have fixed these issues.
You guys simply suspend the account without doing any abuse.. Really shame & waste, if u can't handle just sell to someone who is capable of!! & plz don't suspend my new account for being honest.
It's been a couple of months now, twitter became laggy, particularly when writing DMs or tweets. First I thought it was my keyboard but then I noticed that it worked fine with all the other apps. Also, still waiting on the edit tweet feature if possible, but the most important bug to fix is the lagging with the keyboards I think, I asked around and I'm not the only one having this issue. Thanks.
Damn it! Once again back to not being able to update profile pics or upload photos. Come on Twitter! This is ridiculous. Quit adding crap until you get this fixed for good!
"Censsor"  Write about criminals who destroyed your life, Twitter protects them. If you believe in suppression of truth, and rabid, violent, one-sided bickering that helped get the hated Tea Party into power because people were SICK of all the special-interest whining...sign up.
Every device has it's own gallery and with that you're giving Google drive. Why r u giving Google photos additionally, it's waste of memory.
After the last update the app falls every time I open my albums or try to search something. Please do quickly something with it, because I use it as my only gallery and have thousands of photos on there
I really don't know if there is a better app than this- all pics and videos are synchronized, a 3gb video... and the unlimited space. Ahhh... this is simply the best app ever, makes my life much easier.
Thanks for the free back-up solution, that alone is worth 5 stars (and a lot more from me specifically, saved over a thousand photos I would have lost when my old phone broke, all photos on internal storage, inaccessible).  Although I prefer other apps as a viewer and an editor separately, this is an overall very good gallery solution, and a must have due to that free unlimited backup regardless of whether you use other apps.   Worried about privacy? Everything and everyone is stealing into these days, and Google already knows everything there is about me. They might as well have all my photos, really, privacy intrusion wise that's nothing compared to what they already know.
Could be a perfect app, but the lack of filter to exclude all non photo files like videos is not good. Because of this my default photo app is QuickPic Gallery.
I love how I can keep all my photos and videos and don't have to worry about deleting them. Also it shows the year and month they were taken really good app to have.
FB image folder not defined while selecting backup folders hence it selects all images of FB for backup.Hence 4 stars..
Good to have this coz whenI need to delete photos in my device (coz it's full already) but still want to save and don't want it to post on social media,  it's a saverrr!
Britght when I turnedit on  it lit  my room up llike a star
Loads much faster now. really like it
It is very good for just in case there's a blackout
Small Sharp but mighty. I love it.
It's Light Is Very Bright.
Only app compatible with my devices
WOW SO AMAZING.
It is the flashlight that I needed- very helpful
Works very well,phone with flash or not.
Great game highly addictive. My complaints are that health takes too long to replenish so I'd say set a 10-15 minute time on that. Also it's the same rehashed stuff coming from cases and loot win cases, this then makes levelling up superstars a very long grind..
Love love love!!! Free texting and calling! I would recommend this to everyone. Thank you textnow for being so awesome :-)
People can call me andd the texing is food I receive the texts fast and I have not had one add yet.
Horribly unreliable, can take 30min for a 30second phone call.
For whatever reason the Text now app will from time to time open freaking Google Play Store and keep doing it until I close our of TextNow... is it me or what?? DEVELOPERS CAN YOU ANSWER WHY? ?!
It's good, would like to see some customization for layout colors, would make the experience better.
Love this app but please make it so it can support bitmoji please, it would really make this even better
I'm having trouble I keep getting call rejected I need help
This app is your own portable, personal noticeboard without the hassle of bits of paper and drawing pins. It appears that you can also connect with like minded people from all over the world although I haven't tried it. I have introduced friends to Pinterest & they also love this app. BIG THANK YOU :)
Love it! A friend recommended a few years ago but never tried til a month ago. Can search for almost any info I'm interested in & find good sites. Discovered so many new and interesting crafts, home projects, gardening ideas, food, art, news, quotes, clothes  animal and nature photos. New info on my medical issues and support groups. Can't say enough good things about it. So much better than regular search engines. I've, frankly, become addicted!  Lol!
I love pinterest except when you'd go to add a new pin to a board, there is a "create new board" button at the bottom of the list and it blocks my last list. So I have to rename the last board so it isn't blocked by the button and its a continuous cycle because then there is a different board at the bottom. I wish they would get rid of that button or male it to where we can scroll past it to see the last board.
Since being diagnosed with the coloring disease Pinterest has become my most important part of therapy. I love coloring but am really picky about the way I want my pictures to turn out. Pinterest is a wonderful tool to use to find ideas from other colorists posted pictures.   I also like to use Pinterest for finding fashion ideas in clothes, jewelry & shoes.  Just about anything you can think of searching for, you will be able to find images of it on Pinterest. You can spend hours on here!  Plus, it's great for saving space on your phone. I take pictures, post them, and then delete them from my cell phone.  Everything is easy! I believe you can create as many boards as you like. It's easy to save pics you like and post pics. You can also tell others users you like their pics just by clicking on a heart.  I really enjoy this app and most strongly recommend it. I encourage you to find the ways you enjoy using Pinterest too!
I really am love this app!  It allows me to keep track and organize anything from recipes I'd like to try or have used in the past and love, to organizing various DIY projects and tips and time saving techniques.  I can even keep a board on things I'd like to buy like kitchen gadgets.  I would highly recommend this app to anyone.  Chances are if you are looking for something Pintrest is the place where you can find it!
Pinterest is so helpful and fun! I've had one for over 5 years and I use it for so many things! And the newer updates keep it streamlined with quality! Particularlly the ability to buy something you've pinned is amazing! Can't say enough about my love for this app and Pinterest in general! And nobody even paid me to say that. 😉
I give Pinterest five stars with one reservation. When you open a pin on a tablet or phone and click the button to go to the recipe, you get a preview within Pinterest instead instead of going to the website where the recipe is. Unfortunately, the preview location is fraught with pop up ads, circulating ads and other things that often means you have to keep scrolling back and forth to find the recipe. Very annoying.
I really miss being able to see all of my boards in the list when I'm repinning something.  I had to create a fake board that would always be at the bottom of the list so I can see all of my real boards.  This needs to be fixed.  There gave been many updates since I first started using Pinterest, but it's been a LONG time since there's been a good one.
Premium is worth it
Hey devs, I enjoy your game. You might be interested in fixing a bug where some pokemon do not appear in deck despite it appearing in other sections. A few of my pokemon are now missing which makes me sad. I'll gladly change to 5 stars once this issue has been fixed
It's great actually "BEST GAME EVER" but it always tell "You have lost connection to the game" but why? I don't have slow internet so can u try to make it better,I'll be waiting for the next update so I'll rate higher after u fixed my problem here and also I repeat, "BEST GAME EVER"
ISSUES WHEN EDITING SKIN/AVATAR LIKE I AM NO HAVING PANTS I GET EMBARASSED SO I QUITTED THE SERVER, GO TO THE AVATAR PUT MY PANTS ON AND PLAY AGAIN AND THEN I HAVE NO PANTS AGAIN! ALSO SOMETIMES MY LEGS ARE DISSAPEARING! FIX THIS BUG! 😤😢😖😳
my only other suggestion is... please bring back tickets and more importantly remove the friend limit or rise it please. but I have no actual problems with the game now, except for the lag, so thank you.
This is not short, I love this game soooo much but I have some requests. Can everyone get at least 100\200 robux because the ppl who can't get robux have to deal with the things that they first get. And we don't have tix anymore.
I love it but I have a great Internet and it doesn't make me join server! The graphics are damn great but man, it's pretty slow on me. I'm using a Samsung and I have no idea why was it a bit lagging. I need your help.  It's been lagging for 1 week 2 days I guess. I'm just waiting for the return.
This is the best game in the world I love how there's like 100,000,000 games! I love it I love it I love it! ✌😎✌ ✌😀✌ But please remove the hashtags :( and please make admin more available like five robux or so IDC but please just no more hashtags no more games that have to do with whatever I don't know I can't remember just please no more hashtags 😭
The overall rating of this is pretty nice, it's easy to check and update your profile while on the run. Which to me, makes it much easier to check on things. But the one problem is the games, the controls are way to difficult to use in many games, and the options within the game are difficult to use. But that's basically all that is bad, this game is wonderful for kids of all ages, and beautiful graphics.
You can make ur own place,play a game,scripting,and many many more thats why ROBLOX is so good for me LOVE IT!... if i can just rate 1000infinity stars i would rate it thanks ROBLOX COMPANY for making this game thanks a lot!😀BEST GAME EVER!! ps.i love minecraft tooo and all my games in my ipad thanks alot again!😄😄
Out of 12 orders placed since November, only 3 have ever arrived. Although they gave full refunds for undelivered orders, it's a frustrating way to shop. Don't waste your time... stick with eBay.
Scam!!!! I ordered something and waited 45 days did not receive it. A similar site called geek I ordered something and once again didn't receive it. As far as I know the sites are a bunch of scams. Do you really want to order something and wait such a long. Time just to find out that it never even f****** existed. Do you really want to wait a long time to receive an item and finally realize that doesn't get shipped remember that when you order from these places. Read everyone's else's reviews and they will confirm the same. Good luck if your stupid enough to order from this app
I placed lots of orders on this sight. Only 1 has arrived on time.  Most the others are about 20 days late and still not here. Others said undeliverable and were sent back. Witch isn't true all my stuff is right and I checked it every day. It just never came. Not even the free gift showed up. I have no problem waiting for the stuff. But some of the stuff never made it and they shipped it back witch is bs. Because if my stuff was wrong the one item wouldn't have made it. If they fix this it would be awesome app
LOVE USING WISH!!!!, but you need fix the new update!!!!  Unistall and then Reinstall!!!  I just updated to the lastest version today and i had trouble logging in, i restarted my phone logged out of facebook and back in(because i use my fb account) and it still didn't work, but i found away to log back in i uninstalled/deleted the app of my phone then reinstalled it and i was automatically back in so for anyone else having trouble i hope this helps you out and does the same to you as it did me ☺
LOVE THE PRODUCTS AND MOST OF ALL; THE PRICES!!!! PLUS I LIVE IN INDIANA, AND PRODUCTS STILL COME. NO ISSUES; IF SOMETHING DONT COME THEY REFUND AND YOU HAVE NO PROBLEMS. IF YOU WANT SOMETHING SUPER CUTE AND CHEAP THIS IS THE PLACE TO ORDER FROM.
Quality of products aren't great. When I first joined cost  and delivery price were as stated. But now, I may see a pair of shoes I like (as e.g.) that state $3, but when I go to buy, it states the price as $13! And, shipping cost more?? Also, barely any shoes for women's size 11 +. And I've yet to see any clothing for plus size women..1X-4X.
Thieves!!! Still selling "leupold" scope made in China even after I told them it's a counterfeit. They won't refund my money. I paid $279. Now people are figuring out what they are doing so they are dumping them for cheap. This show won't hold a zero. 8888sc is the serial number. It's fake, no doubt one of the many products they are using to rob people. They are playing stupid but they know they are selling counterfeit merchandise. This is the business you are dealing with. No morals whatsoever. If they can get over on you they will, willingly, knowingly, laughing at all of us ignorant suckers!!!
They're constantly changing features and changing it back. It's a bit annoying. Also, the prices are usually cheaper than what you can find anywhere else--just have to wait a month for shipping. Overall, decent app for the thrifty online shopper.
It would be nice to number the picks because of so many. To pick from with several conversations going on at the same time it gets confusing So as you do your research you can number them as first pick and second pick
The TERRIBLE thing about this site, is that if a user leaves a false negative review about you and then blocks you, you are NOT able to leave a review for them. I understand if you're blocked you can't leave them a message, but you should be able to leave a review. Blocking is a ay for them o scape a bad review. I'm stuck with a bad review that HE deserved, not me because he didn't show up to pick up the item he wanted, so I gave him a 2nd chance and he was suppose to come Saturday to pick up. I asked what time twice on different days with no response even though he read the messages. It is now Friday and I still wasn't getting an answer, so I asked again and I got blocked and told that I was a spammer in his review.  The 5miles app is GREAT with the reviews. If you message them and explain the situation they will remove the bad review for you. And if you get blocked you can still leave a review.
Some people are pathetic. Soo many low ballers even though the prices are clearly labeled. Also peoples spelling. LEARN TO SPELL. Takes forever for most to reply back. It's an app for idiots.
I just moved to the other side of the country with pretty much nothing but this app has helped me get everything I needed fast, easy and most importantly, cheap. The app is real easy to use and contact people. They could improve the browsing and search a little but other than that I think it's near perfect.
Great way to get rid of un used items sitting in the garage/she'd collecting dust.. and the great part about it is, you make money doing so.
It's very sensitive to touch and opens things you did not want to open.  I keep getting errors trying to edit posts. It randomly changes the picture you want others to see first. No matter what order you load your pics in it rarely displays the first pic that you want as the main. Just started using this after countless commercials on tv I finally gave in. Not a very good impression. I haven't sold anything yet so no comments on that aspect. I hope it is as easy as Facebook and Craigslist. CHANGED IT FROM 2 STARS TO 1. CONSTANT ERRORS WHEN TRYING TO EDIT AND IT NEVER UPDATES MY PICS PROPERLY. THE RANDOM IMAGE SHOWING WILL HENDER WHAT PEOPLE SEE YOU ARE SELLING!!
Idea was good, but now it is flooded with dipshits selling cars with their email address on the pic. Flag as scam does nothing.
The review thing is crap! They let morons who've never bought anything from you judge you because they're competitors B.S.
The Netflix service in general is worthy of 5 stars, but the app is a different story. Whenever I try to play a downloaded show on my Alcatel Idol 3 while on a plane, or elsewhere and not connected to the internet, I get the message, "Sorry, we could not reach the Netflix service. Please try again later. (-9)" The idea of a download is to watch while offline, but the app is trying to connect.
This is by far the easiest way to file your taxes if you stick with their basic plan it is absolutely free and very easy. I got the maximum amount of money back on my taxes and couldn't be happier this is my second year using TurboTax and I will continue to use them for years to come!
Used on my tablet, a Samsung Galaxy Tab A. This thing worked much better last year with no hiccups.  This year's version crashed on me about 7 or 8 times before actually e-filing.  I know it's meant for phones, so I suppose I can't gripe too much.  Otherwise, I love TurboTax.  I've used them for years and never had issues with tax preparation and filing.
I've used turbotax for years until now. There's a lot of hidden charges and they attempt to trick you at every turn. I would have recommended this app to anyone in the past. Now I'm making sure to tell my friends and family to stay away from turbotax.  I hope your shady business tactics was worth the millions of customers you probably lost this year.
First time do tax myself, being going to H and R for years untill I realized they don't tell me everything! So I decided to do it my self n I was trying this app n omg I got to the end within an hour n I hit submit! So easy n so smart, yes they charged me about $150 but w hnr block I'll pay twice
This will be my 10th year using TurboTax. I absolutely love how easy it is to use. The new tax laws are always updated and I never have to worry. Audited one time using this program. The IRS found a $50 mistake that was entirely my fault, not the TurboTax's. Next year will be my first year adding a business in the mix.
Used this last year and it was awesome.  This year not so much.  Everything went great.  Got through the whole process.  When it came to finalize it all, app closed itself.  It will now not let me go through because it cannot establish a secure connection.  Now thanks to that I have to pay to do them.  Waste of my time.  Thanks
App works well enough, but don't expect to e-file for free. Depending on the forms you'll require a $34.99 upgrade. That would take be unreasonable except that two years running my return has been rejected when filing electronically through the app and had to file a paper return. What exactly did I get for my upgrades? Ript off basically.
Loved how easy and simple it was to do my taxes. I have used the TurboTax  for 6 years now and it is so simple and easy to use. They provide all the paperwork you need and cater to your specific tax situation. It's just like taking your tax info to H & R Block except you don't have all the added on fees
Currently the game has issues with booting people off at random times. I know it's not my phone because many players in my alliance are having the same issues. In addition, the game has glitches during troop movement to/from attacks. Time differs when marching to an attack it may take 1 minute, yet the return trip may take an hour or more to cover the same distance
Might be just for OnePlus 2's, but the app constantly drains battery even when the app is just running in background, probably because its always connected to internet, which sucks up battery when on 4G... Apart from this its a fun game, been playing all day every day for the past week. Pay to win is balanced well so not needed to compete, will just take longer if you dont pay.
A pay-to-win game, but free players can still enjoy playing. Best played with an active alliance. Combat mechanics arent well explain which sucks, players have to experiment on solutions to get the best result. I like the game overall. Stay away from world chat as much as possible though, there's no censorship in this game.
I played this game originally on a computer, but this mobile version resolved some of the problems with the original. The graphics are great for a mobile game, the inventory system is not easy but it isn't hard to get used to, and the chat section may be flawed and sometimes with disturbing comments. But if you're a person who ignores chats, then you'll have a good time playing it
Customer support received my ticket after days have gone by they haven't responded. Terrible customer support i recommend if you haven't played dont and if you do dont spend or you'll be another unhappy customer. By far worst customer support Ive ever dealt with in any game. CaliKush if anyone ever answers on the support end.
Hard to comment on  the game play since the chat is filled with people talking about child pornography. Perhaps the Fed's should investigate some of the players... Either way I couldn't deal with the disgusting chat and had to uninstall.
I don't get why there are games that don't explain what to do. I have quests to complete and don't know how to complete them. If you think someone is going to search around or have to ask someone else your so wrong . absolutely stupid
Nice work
Add one services to send money 💵 to friends..
Great workk
good
Awesome ( Add Some Feutures Like Making A Group Chat Call And A Live Video
Ads freeze game. Every puzzle you complete is followed by an ad, and sometimes you have to completely go out and go back in to keep playing. The game itself is fun though. My husband and I both play and try to unscramble the letters together.
Too many ads  The ads are driving me crazy.  You have to watch an ad to quit and go to the main screen for settings.  If you multi task and switch to a message and quickly back to the game you have to watch an ad.  Dumb!
Saw an ad for it on another game & thought it looked interesting. It takes word games back to the basice, unlike modern day games that have so many unneeded components. Definitely not disappointed, love this game!!
I love the game, I play all the time but you should make a free way to get coins. Like watching an advertisement, I mean we gotta watch them anyway, why can't we get paid for it. I just think it would make it better if we didn't always have to pay to get coins. But its just a suggestion, I still love the game either way
Some words that I know for a fact are words recognized as part of the English language were not recognized at all. Also words that were accepted earlier in the game were not accepted later as an extra word. Fun game overall... just a little irritating with that part.
As of right now it has frozen and stopped working 4 times. I like the game but hope it starts responding better.  It could also use a little less ads.
I heard that you are able to get a free month to try it out but I have no idea how to do it. BUT besides that I THINK IT'S THE BEST MUSIC APP OUT THERE JUST WISH IT WAS FREE
The app automatically deletes song out of my liked songs and it keeps repeating to the same 4 song on my feed. It doesn't bother trying to suggest songs that i might like, but plays songs that i have disliked already. Im considering to end subscription with youtube red and go with Spotify.
It's to easy for hackers to manipulate. I hate that. I download music I like the older app because I can choose my way. If at all possible it'd be a better app with a built-in equalizer and a fire wall
Honestly the YouTube Music app is trash. You are forced to choose a list of artists that even if you don't want it, flood recommendations
I don't like how I have to pay to get the music to play when I exit the app or turn my phone off its very inconvenient for me and waste my battery. If that could change it would be a great app over all
I thought it was great at first, but now every other video in my playlist is unavailable? I'm watching the number shrink every day as I went from almost 400 to 211 🙁
Best Music app still to this day! There other great ones. But not As  reliable and when u search for music, YouTube is going to be your best bet 2 find it quicker, better, and most choices available..
So easy! I hate it when I have to swop threw my youtube and my texting. Now I can do both at once! Listen to music from youtube and text at the same time!
Crucial moments cost alot of money. To have full control over characters you need adequately equal & cost effective options, 1 book can amount to £20.00+ Insane. You Pixelberry should incorporate better diamond earning potential.
That game forces you to makes bad choices since you can't spend diamonds on it. (Clothes, helping friends, getting your love...) The only way to get some is by finishing a chapter to only get ONE! This is ridiculous! And you have to wait 2hrs for the next chapter. Why?!?!? BUT the story is beautifully written and each characters has a personnality that keeps developping thoughout the game. You can have a romantic attraction toward the same gender :)
Would love more options to create a face, hair and body similar to mine. Hate the fact that it's free to kiss a girl but you have to pay 20 DIAMONDS to kiss a guy. What's up with that? Trying to curb my sexual preferences?
This and play service always giving me problems for no reason.  At some points i have to clear the data and rr download thr updates for it to work.  Otherwise my games saved files wont open when i play them.  Or it eont even log in.  And god forbid the it wont let the play store open due to log in failures.  Thats another mess entirely.
I have a lot of games on Android and I don't want to have to use the main store app to filter out my games this app I can use to look at all my games at one time but it stutters too much freezes or crashes making it very difficult to scroll through my library of games y'all all need to fix it. I have a fast LG V20 phone with over 3gb of ram and 310gbs of space clearly it isn't my phone.
Kindly look into the s/w as soon as possible because nithings getting downloaded from play store on mobile data. Moreover data back up fails when I am in roaming. Please it's getting hectic and no app can be downloaded or updated on mobile data and I get 10 GB of mobile data every month. It's a waste.
I don't have an Xbox or PS4 and do all my gaming by mobile. So Apple's bizarre abolition of its Game Center app now means that there's no main area for games, where progress, achievements or leaderboards can be checked at a glance. Please don't copy them Google. This is the last one left.
Every time I try to connect with my Google account....it shows 'network_error_no_data'....and I don't know what to make out of it since I'm using a perfectly fine network and there is no problem while I connect it with other Google products like Gmail or Google+.... Moreover the gaming profile which I created about a year ago is missing and as such I can't even load my games....will be glad if this matter is looked upon soon
Not using it anymore! I really don't need it. My choice Correct? Well, NOT WHEN IT IS NOT PRE INSTALLED. *** The app overall is good.  But Not when it's CONSTANTLY UPDATING itself on My tablet!!! How DOES this app keep Installing when I've All update notifications OFF!? 😯 AND I DO MEAN EVERYWHERE!  seriously ~ LOOK INTO THIS Google. Thank you! 😊
I couldn't connect into google play game just this morning. Not really sure what happen but I already tried to find all method also send email for team support with no luck until now. Many games with used google play game that I cannot load right now. So stressfull..
To uninstall use and uninstaller app, and actually know how to use the device much like a pc you need to understand how  the cogs and gears work. Computers aren't 800 dollar disposable lighters. And phones are computers. Also ya'll should have paid attention when the phone companies to your root rights away.... Just like trump the publics ignorance to the big picture is biting them in the ass...... Also I guess walk or pay a cab 5 times as much.
With the introduction of uberX, the price estimate for those rides have disappeared. Making it difficult to know if a ride makes sense (especially if it's in surge). Please fix so we can see all prices.
This is a horrible app! During emergency situations, no cabs are available. And drivers are often unresponsive. If we cancel ride after being fed up for half an hour, 50rd fine! Please avoid this trap of an app.
Guys..Whatever you rate/post with in Google/uber, there is no value of it. Regularly Google promotes the apps for adv purpose & i think it takes money to keep constant ratings/high above 4.0. or else in every day basis there so many unsatisfied customers and 1stared review ; but where they gone! & New review with out any single alphabate added. So to balance the rating or increase it. You can not do anything under Google/uber. They have money, they use tricks to fool users & makes again more money. Thats it.
I hate the updated app. Hangs all the time. I'm stuck in one trip for weeks and can't get out of it or cancel it. I have had to take a regular cab so many times I'm wondering what's the point of the app anymore. As I type this the app is stuck at the airport on a trip I did more than 2 weeks ago. Updating doesn't solve the issue
It's easy to book and ride. The only draw back is in contacting customer care.  They do not have support over phone. This is annoying specially at times when you need to complain about the driver. This makes me think twice before booking Uber.
Failing to book rides. Failing to pay via paytm. The app keeps on saying that i need yo have more than 350 rs bal in paytm while my acct is having 1K + amount. Recently using an uber has become a headache in contrast to the easy to go on demand cab !!! Please up your game
Paid to "bump" my item one evening. next morning couldn't find it anywhere. Too many people flooding with single sales. If someone is gonna sell 50 different baby clothes there should be a way to put it as one ad. Would save everyone time. Used to be awesome til it got overrun.
Just needs to be better at allowing things to be seen fresh and often.. Also, slow response from people at times and item are not available and already sold and hasn't been updated.. Minor things needed for app to be smoother but very good app non the less..
I've had more sales through this app than others,  but it's a numbers game. More subscribers, more opportunities.  I get WAY more dropped sales too.  Those are due to people not checking the location prior to making an offer.  The location should be prominent with the image and require no scrolling.   Not thrilled with seeing commercial businesses either.  I boycott them on here.  Going commercial is what ruined ebay and destroyed the best deals. Either you're thrift or you're not.
Amazing selling-buying app. Great searches, location support, and services. ONE problem is that you are NOT able to unlist/delete your item via app and need to do it online. Please fix and its a 5 stars for sure.
Total OfferUp junkie here... I've acquired quite a few treasures on this app AND made some quick cash selling things I no longer have any need for! It's good sh*t!
Simple Searches did not return relevant items, makes people not read listing service and send offers to sellers basically just wasting their time ....supports "low ballers"....I am not interested what is popular in my region.... but want accurate results of what I am searching for...
I absolutely love this app, have been using for a long time now. But I am getting irritated that I can't contact tech support, or report anyone due to the screen whiting out. I also noticed that after I set my location by manually typing it in. It still changes when posting items...
I was having issues with the app, and turns out that their automated system thought my account was a spam account. I emailed customer support and they got it fixed for me in no time! Thanks again! Offer up is a great app! 👍👍
Can't use my mail. Don't know what the problem is but the error shows " enable to access your mail " please check it out.
It's ok.. little heavier than I'd like.. some people just want a simple email client.. too many bells and whistles for me..
I've had Yahoo ,ailing for the longest timè...love what they did to the site. Easy to use and great news stories.
The worst email service I've ever had I desperately want to move my custom to another provider
Can not delete multiple messages or change from inbox to spam or trash to delete them want old system back
If I attempt to start it from my Android task manager (after I had just used it 1 min before) it crashes.
All the ads make typing emails almost impossible.  Yahoo used to be good, but the ads have taken over.
I love yahoo mail. I really hope it doesn't change once the sale is finalized. I don't know of any other email that is as good as yahoo.
After the latest update.I can no longer received my email. What happen?
I love it
Good app
Too many ads
This app is so useful but those ads. :(
Its helpful make pic goods
Best photo editing app
Awesome. I enjoyed this.
this game is vary fun you should get it you have to think about what way it will work☺
Is the kind of game I could really get into and enjoy but with all the adverts I'm afraid its impossible to play so I will be deleting this until the adverts are sorted out
It's  relaxing , but the amount of ads it's ridiculous and annoying! It keeps asking to stay or quit after each ad .please fix that!!!
Game doesn't load after last update will rate 5 stars once fixed
I was addicted after the first game!
I liked the game more before you added the diesel and mines. Now the car with a roof is ideal because you can hit your head and lose with most other vehicles. Also, the scooter can beat a monster truck because it seems gravity is not correct and you feel like you're on Mars. Needs better tracks and physics.
Rediculous game mechanics. AI you race doesn't die like you even though you clearly see them land on their heads. Sometimes they come from way behind and win. Also find it odd that sometimes it's hard to keep the front or back of the car down and other times it's fine. Racing the same track with the same car build is inconsistent in the way mentioned above. Takes to long to level up. Makes what was an addictive game very frustrating.
Avoid. Shameless money grab.  Fully decked Super Jeep  can't get up a hill on first try after last update.  Mine maps are just controlled falling to ur death. Motorbike accelerates in mid air past me. Gas pedal locks out for 1 second.  Brake pedal jams on to stop car. Must wait 3/6/24hours to gain coins or buy to continue.  Each race gives about 600 coins. Higher upgrades cost 95,000 coins. Ouch. Many other glitches and design flaws. Summary=NOPE.
Ad ridden.. Pay to play.. Multiplayer focused.  All things that bring this game down tremendously. The gameplay is fun no doubt. That's if you can get pass the constant ads to progress.. Not to mention the time limits to open items 1 at a time.  To top it off we have a multiplayer focused game with terrible server support.. Half the time they are down and not working.  Game could have been better if it focused on adventure mode like the original. And also if they actually updated it once in a while.
Not the same as the Original Hillclimb. Although I loved the Original The second game still has the Hillclimb magic I've come to love over the years!  After the recent update I enjoy the game a bit less as the mine cups is very buggy, sometimes impossible to finish the race as there are objects not visible or impossible to get over with some vehicles. I'd really appreciate it if this could be looked at. a Lot of the bugs seems to be solved but there are still some pretty bad bugs in the mines, kindly have a look at them.
Its crap. Uninstalling due to no response on feedback, only 4 levels without an internet connection is a poor effort compared to the file size of this game. I'm going back to angry birds. At least they have more level options
Im not 100 percent sure 5he game is online because I can pause the game in the middle of an online race. I assume it's meant to be online cuz it only let's me race others online. Pls fix this if it's a mistake. Oh and I've never had to stop because the game has been paused by someone ells.
Progression is incredibly slow unless you can open the chests, which are locked behind insane timers. You can open a few instantly for free by watching an ad, but then you have to wait several hours. I'de rather play the first one. Extreme memory leak, playing for more than a few minutes causes freezes and crashes.
I do not like that the focus is on racing now vs getting as far as you can go. My love for hill climb racing was for the challenge of getting farther and farther. You can still do that but they really nurfed it. Also the game morphed into a pay to play game with you having to wait for awards to be unlocked. It is a hugh bummer.
With every update, developers want you to spend 100$ to get the newest features. Once you hit a certain level, you cant go any further without spending money. Even a maxed out player cant provide the files and resources needed to continue growing. Very unhappy with this game at the moment, and i dont plan on playing much longer
This game is a complete waste of time, first there's no way to get free gold unless you wait 24hrs and then there's supposedly free 20 gold bars, but once you press to claim them they never show up....like really then I have no clue what the purpose of this game is. Why is everything in this game or every other button in this game leads to a purchase they want you to spend your money on everything. To sum it all up this game six don't waste your time..👎👎👎
Why do you always keep on popping up on every damn game I play. When will you stop hogging every minute of my phone usage to download your game. When will you get the fact that I don't like to download you game. Also that I don't care about this game. Lastly, I also hate to download this game so that I could just type this statement. Please stop putting your ads on every game that are better than this. Thank you.
installed fine. wont load, 15 minutes and its stuck at initializing 0%. nothing wrong with my connection its 4g and it downloaded ok...OK I gave it another chance. Takes half hour to load each time and when I'm awarded gold it never goes into account. With this kind of thing they still want you to buy gold for real money..and it costs up to $100???  Insane,cancel my account I'm uninstalling.
Money hungry makers have ruined the game. Must buy the new stuff every week to stay in a playable position @ $99 per package, which you need 10 to 15 packs in order to max out the new stuff....every week. Most  of my friends on the game have quit. Arnold must have gotten a big raise......very disappointed!!!!
1 year review. Very frustrating game. Far too many notifications, easily over 100 per day. Gameplay is NOTHING like any of the commercials. Very slow progression unless you spend real money. There are always players who will attack you randomly and bring you down to nothing, where you have to wait forever to rebuild. Not fun unless you pay.
After completing a ton of quests on a mz game and winning many prizes I went to bed later than i should for work happy. When I woke up Mz had removed my items from my inventory claiming that there was a prize error. They refused to replace items and my 20 dollars I spent. Corrupt greedy buisness
Game was,i stress WAS fun. Now its all about how much money can we squeeze out of these people.  You should be ashamed of yourselves, EW.You charge  ridiculous amounts of money for stuff that will be obsolete or free in a very short time. I feel as though you've  allienated a huge group of your market by continuing to pillage from your players. Ill bet that yours profits for just today are plummeting  out of control. Shame on you for being so greedy.
Lost over 3 million troops and my commander because it said I had deployments out and there wasn't any... no tile farming no offensive deployments which is what it said I had offense deployments out can not out up peace sheild like to know what is gonna fix this but fourth time it's happened to me. If fixed will give a better rating.
Too many annoying adds. This completely destroys gaming experience.
-Mmmmm... It is an awesome game and something that u actually get addicted to for some time.... One suggestion is that pls upgrade the game more often....
Love the game! Wish there more prize boxes along the route as before. Had to restart after changed device even though was linked on Facebook.
Everytime there is an excellent update i have 2 delete something, so it takes up more storage. Please fix this, i can't delete everything...
Extrardinary game not just like a game 3d quality game awasme game i love the game i never seen this type of game old version also good & the latest version game is keka superrrrrrr game
I love it very much very good controls with amazing graphics I just lie it😁😃😄😍😘😙😚👑💯✔ give it a thumsup
It hangs a bit while playing,though my redmi note 3 has 3GB RAM. So work on it. Rest is good.
Rate it 5 * but the only thing is that it 's so hard to buy characters it' s to expensive . :(
Pretty cool it does have almost all what you need. 4 stars because it's flawless yet one thing I  wish it would have: An option where you you can see only your own posts for a recap. May a button checking your own posts? If such feature is going to be added I will give instantly 5 stars.
the app keeps saving all pictures I posted and takes too much space. I don't know what's wrong but pls help to solve the issue. thank you.
Can it not save every hashtag I click in my searches without having to clear every individual one? Don't save at all unless I do an extra step to please (which I'd never do). "Clutter" makes me not want to click anything. Also, the constant updates without ever saying what has been "fixed" is annoying.
I hate that when you're about to post a video, it crops half the video out automatically  (it's not submitted)! But still!!! It should use the max length that Twitter uses, if it's that long! Even if it's shorter, it should use that length instead of the default length. So horrible rn...
If it weren't for Twitter's censorship and constant politically correct purges of its user base, I'd give @jack a higher rating for his stewardship of the company.  I hope his Saudi backers are pleased with their investment.
Love Twitter but it seems to be drawing an inordinate amount of my phone's CPU. Sometimes typing a simple sentence can take several minutes. Literally. And that's frustrating, to say the least, when exchanging direct messages with someone. It works fine on my tablet.
Why did I wait so long to sign up for Twitter??? What finally influenced me was, wanting to hear what my President Trump had to say. What an awesome thing to be in such close contact. LOVE it!
Lags all the time. Goes directly to notifications instead of time line when opened. How about adding a Followers tab in notifications along with mentions? Every update is worse than the last. POS.
Love that App it works great never any problems. Keep up the good job Twitter. Stop blocking me from liking post & following other Twitter accounts is my only Request. Other than that we're good.
Most functional photo app ever! I use it for work with its own email to keep track of prior damage photos in the bodyshop world.
The most amazing thing in this app is the artificial intelligence. Try searching in the app for things like birds, sunset, bicycle, chair etc and you'll be amazed
Will get 5 stars again when the cast button appears also after the 7.1.2 update. Now,after the update few moments ago, it works. 5 stars also for the quick fix!
Please allow support for a widget that can be stretched into 4x4 and randomizes your photos every 5 seconds.
Engrained on my hardware with no way to remove it. Default gallery works just fine on my phone.
You can no longer export to email or other places photographs from the all device folders a nice feature that used to be in it and with the latest updates has disappeared crippling the ability to share from multiple folders in one move.
Great storage with simple, mostly automatic management but does not couple to more advanced editors like Snapseed as well as it should for an efficient mobile workflow.
Yes all my photos are safe on the cloud but I keep screenshots of imp news ect, please make a separate album/folder for screenshots.
Excellent app. Saves your pictures and videos in such a special way. It never forgets to organize your photos. I'll always have it. One of the best apps out there.
Errors while making a movie. When I try to delete photos from automatically made movie, it is throwing an error saying Unfortunately, Google photos stopped working. This disgusting
Love it so much better than others app
It really helps me out thnx for the amazing app
Its even better when eskoom is doing their own thing
Easy to use with a bright light.
Its helpful in dark situations
I like iy
Very useful and good app like it
It's easy to use and really bright.   I love it!
Needs to stop freezing up and could do with less ads.
It s way better than other texting and calling apps so 10 out of 10 will get it again
Way to many commercials,  takes. Up half the page.
I think you can get good reception at least
Best text and calling app yet easy to use free on Wi-Fi
Best text app so far but it lose service too much
The app helped me a lot wish I could call from nb to Yellow knife tho lol
The app is amazing this is tge best thing you will download
Love this app!! I can keep in touch with family and friends. A must to have!!!
Awesome I love to hate this app it's great I absolutely can't stand it!
Seriously Pinterest?! I've been putting up with buggy behaviour, crashes and increased ad size but PLEASE give me a way to get rid of the white circles. Unbelievably distracting and they interfere with what I'm trying to see. This was my absolute favourite app... Now I'm not so sure
I really like the app, I use it everyday. However I find the rounded frame of the images annoying as it won't be how the original artist wanted their photographs cropped. Also the circular icon that now sits actually on the picture is unsightly and bad ux. Could quite easily have been put in the long press menu.
Pinterest. U can suck my dirty balls. I just wanted to freely cruise around and check out random repurposed cabinets transformed into chic stylish bird cages. And apparently .. i cant do that unless i get on my knees and kiss ur ring. And download the app. F••k you. Im going to smash you out.... by making a rival app called sinterest. B¡tcH. And it will be just like this... except for porn. Hate you. So much. Love the app tho, 5 stars!
Not a big fan of the interface, searching isn't straight forward. more annoying to me however is that you cannot turn off all notifications. Pretty simple functionality really, that they can't get right in any version - it will always give badge notifications of some kind
Does not always return to the page you were on when you hit the back button. Loses place and cannot recover page. Don't like new pop-up messages.  They slow you down and interrupt your concentration. They're also useless and very, very, very irritating.  Get rid of them.   Need to be able to make pdf file out of pins.  Web has too many ads. Jumping all over the place.
I hate this app more than clickbait. My heart sinks when I search google images and something I like is from Pinterest. Overbearing, pushy interface forces you use the dumb app, promising it'll be great; once you do actually download and use it, it's quite disappointing. Can't help but notice: if an application has to force you to use it, it probably sucks! Rot in hell with Bing, Pinterest!!
I am unhappy with the changes over the last year.  I have had a private board taken down, numerous pins removed, and NO ability to see what pins!  I have lost my personal pins with no recourse.  Finally I have been pinning for the pleasure of the pins, NOT to promote sales for company's products!  Also pins of lingerie and bathing suits are not disappearing after blocking them.  I miss the old Pinterest.
Fixed a lot of terrible bugs they were having for quite some time. Still have issues with things such as scrolling and not loading, but other than that, there's been a lot of improvement. I love that they finally allow you to turn off recommended pins. That was my biggest issue and I'm happy it's been fixed.
When you pin you can't search for your boards. I ALWAYS have a little number notification bubble on the app which is annoying and i can't seem to turn off...I assume this is because of the notification changes.   Please stop trying to make it another facebook. Now there's a big white circle in the bottom corner...I want to see the entire picture and not have a big circle on it. This app is getting worse and worse.
I've kept separate folders of organized images on my laptop/phone for ages, but this is a much easier and more organized to keep any ideas and inspirations I come across! I've loved Pintrest...for years now! You know what it is, I'm sure! And if you've been living under a rock for 10 years, then get to downloading and pinninng!
I love it soooooo much, but the fact that you need to buy premium just to be  able to tap any song and have it play right then and there is super annoying. If you want to out do the other apps why put limits where other apps let you go. I tried the free trial and premium dose seem worth it besides the tap and play. It has lots of other features that you should also advertise like putting certain songs up next. I just think if u fixed that it would be the perfect music app but until u do I consider it more broken than YouTube.
After several years of using Pandora, I have been using Spotify for about a month now on a daily basis. I like the variety. However, I miss the Simplicity of Pandora. For example, I still do not understand how Spotify organizes playlists. the playlist under the category Just for you and the playlists under the category inspired by your recent listening have nearly the same content, none of which are particularly interesting to me.
Good app but y can't I select the song I want? I have to uses shuffle to play anything from an album or playlist. Also, why do you limit our Skips If we have haven't got premium? The stupid suggested songs are The only stupid things that ever come up when were trying to listen to things.you also cut the 1 month trial to a 1 week trial. A great app becoming trash like this one is a sad thing to see.
This is by far the best music app of all. Being able to listen to whatever song you want for free is absolutely astonishing, and you only have to listen to a short ad every 30 minutes! The odd thing is that on tablets you can choose the exact song you want to listen to at that moment, but on phones, a song is randomly selected from the album you picked.
It's would the best thing ever of you added a sleep timer. Some Playlist I listen to at night are hair too long. They eventually end up waking me up. It would much easier to just set a one hour timer rather than delete songs
Lacking a couple setting features. It would be nice to be able to turn off streaming using mobile data without going into offline mode. I like being able to search for music when I think of something I want. But unless I'm in offline mode it seems very easy to accidentally use data.
Now that spotify is in the big leagues and catered to my every whim and fancy since its infancy, this loyal customer wishes to support your IPO this year. Good luck in your first public quarter, im here praying for ya
Absolutely the best music app out there, I don't think I could ever think of a better way to run this app! It's so easy and fun to use and very handy.
I absolutely adore the app, and it's great listening to offline, or discovering music online. I've discovered some great music from my favorite bands that I couldn't find (or find out about) on Spotify. Keep up the great work!
spotify is great as a whole, and i love it, but it's definitely a thousand times better on a laptop if you don't have premium. i would strongly recommend downloading it on a laptop alongside the mobile app.
So far, so good. You guys sure have made another strategic, turn-based, Pokemon game. The only problem I have so far is its graphics and RNG. Video quality is too high for some older phone models. I wish there'd be an option to lower the quality of graphics for a smoother gameplay for other units. As well as a moderation of the spins. I had a battle where my Pokemon mostly got Misses and eventually lost. Please try to moderate it somehow. Thank you.
Pokemon duel is the best original game app I've seen in a long time. It's a bit demanding on your system depending on what device you use. I had issues on my phone, but it plays fine on my tab. Not a surprise because the graphics look great. You also don't need to spend money to put together a winning deck. It's mostly about the strategy. Work through all the training bouts first, then a few of the quest levels, and you'll be ready to take on experienced players.
The gameplay is very fun! I love the ranking system and gow i get put with people around my skill level. However there is one thing that could be changed. I think gems cost way to much to buy. For £10 i cant even open 4 packs. I think for £10 you should be able to open 10-12 packs! Anyway, great game and i recomend people try it.
At first it always crashed during the tutorial but once you give the game a day it starts working. And this game is amazing I love everything about it. The story line is rich, it's easy to obtain new pokemon, the only thing I would recommend is a way to add friends so you can challenge each other whenever and a chat room to talk with people. Oh and maybe the evolution of some pokemon would be good too
Amazing. Gems are easy to earn unlike other games. One thing is that it crashes quite often. Playing online is just too awesome. The music is awesome I sometimes dance to it. quests are the best they have story. The story feels like I am actually on a Pokemon journey it's funny it's pokemon what else do ya want!
Has potential. Esp over Pokemon Go. But need improvement such as platform stability and battle strategies to include pokemon type strength and weakness like the good old trading card era. And figure/plate trade with friends feature would be cool. Needs function to throw away extra figures.
ROBLOCKS CORP. plz the problem is with the games I try to play it and the screen turns gray then I crashes the actual games in Roblox don't work plz tell me why or fix it. make it compatible with the GIGASET plz I'm begging you
Overall it's a good game, except when you use an tablet! Works great on a PC but when I try to clicking any game, it says that ROBLOX has stopped... I tried over a hundred times, but still the same results!
I play this with my son all the time on Xbox one, iPad, mobile and apart from some broken games, its generally amazing fun. Its on the same level as Little Big Planet due to the content
it says we cant connect to the severs please check your Internet connection.  why roblox u made the logo bad
Ive been playing roblox for 2 years (almost 3) and this game hasnt changed as in how fun it is and how much time it can keep me attached. A lot of people complain about the game taking forever to load, That's just their device that sucks because I use an iPad 2 and it works perfectly (not imcluding games that are intended for PC) my only complaint is that after playing a game for around 30 minutes, the app just crashes for no reason. I can go on an empty baseplate and 30 minutes later I crash. I've started to get used to this and it doesn't bother me as much anymore. But I'd be happy if this was fixed.
I love this game it is the best game I have ever played and I've played lots but just so people can know DO NOT blame the game controls just because you don't have the right phone or tablet it is your fault that you didn't get the right things you needed to actually have roblox on your 📱  and loading only takes long when your on a phone with little space the phone is trying to figure out where to put this control or where to put that control because the phone is trying to make it look as great as possible
This will only let me make an account but if I want to play any games it will not let me. It will just go strait to a blank screen and then logs me out of it please can you fix this so I can play.
This game is one of my favorite games out of the app store I play roblox every day. I like to play a life time at freddy's in this app and also play flood escape thank you roblox for all you have given to these many players :P
OK I basically downloaded Roblox here to complain a bit about the PC version. I did reset Microsoft edge (I have Windows 10) I'm not saying occasionally it freezes up, I'm saying it ALWAYS and I mean, EVERYTIME I click on something it just keeps loading and loading and loading then it says "not responding." I've tried everything I could think of, and hoping u have some answers. I really hope u reply 🙄
I mean if you're willing to wait weeks for your order (speed delivery was a WEEK!), the prices can't be beat.  I'd be careful ordering electronics tho; the quality was iffy at best.  The jewelry has been good so far...
The offers are incredible for great quality products. So much to choose from! Love it! ****************************** Update: I was very happy with my purchases until I started having glitch issues with the cart. It won't load items in my cart and I can't make purchases! Please fix ASAP. Then I'll go back to a 5 ⭐ rating. Thanks.
I used to love this app. But when I upgraded my phone, Wish stopped working. I can no longer log in and no amount uninstalling and reinstalling has worked. Please fix the app! I want to check my shipping on things I already ordered!
Needs improvements would be helpful if u can ask questions before making a purchase and would be awesome if you can select what's in the shopping cart to pay and ship to a different address other then my own address to I can purchase things for others and have it shipped directly to them to save me the step of having to reship it after I received it
I've ordered tons of items and some come really fast as well. If you have an issue Customer Service will fix the issue pretty fast. I have ZERO COMPLAINTS & I am a pain.
I really, really wanted to like this app, but the clothes are so cheap and ill fitting, it's better not to get your hopes up. Even though the clothes are so cheap, you are literally throwing away your money. I bought 5 different items, none of them are wearable
Ok, I'm done!  Never had any problems with eBay or Aliexpress. Otherwise, my goods never came with your app, keep to you, fine, I'll make sure never buy it you again.
Keeps giving me different times for my merchandise to arrive.Ordered a gift for Christmas, never showed up.Got a refund. ..re ordered it and still hasn't shown up....what's the deal Wish???
I have ordered  Many more times than I could possibly  remember, I like most of my purchases and if there's a problem  with has been great to deal with.My only complaint is the pricing is all over the place and sometimes  when you click on an item to buy the prices  change to say higher that's a bait and switch tactic that seems really shady
Its okay for selling stuff no problems its just that it gets tiring when people keep asking if it is still available? I mean its not mark as sold so it should be an obvious yes
The commercial kinda lies things dont get sold tgat fast but its a cool app made some money so it works for the most part.
The let-go app has helped me immensely to make money on things I want to sell and to give away free things other people can
Great app!! When you let go old, you let come new life. Isn't that interesting!)
Very good app to find things you want in hreat condition for low prices
App is very user friendly. I never had any bad experiences with transactions. Way better than craigslist.
Wow people are crazy on this app people want danm full price for used crap!
The Netflix app is pretty good, but there are a couple of simple features that I'd like to see implemented. The first one being a 10 second fast forward. Similar to the 30 second rewind. The other feature is to allow to read other's reviews about a specific movie or TV show. Currently you're only about to read reviews on the actual website and not on the app. It makes no sense. I'll give five stars even these get implemented. Thanks.
I love Netflix... for the most part, but as of now I am unable to download and save any of the movies and shows to my phone.. all of which is odd because when feature first came out I was able to and for some reason now I cannot. I have the latest update. I'll be happy to change my rating once this issue is resolved.
I really like that new Netflix show Kong king of the apes. Especially with that new watch the episodes and it is like playing a game. I really hope that Netflix makes more shows like that! I do not know why you guys can't show information about shows in kids mode of Netflix?! It is to slow on my tablet fix mobile use! Also there is an update but I have to unintelligible it to try it also I am trying to figure it out nor at 11:31 PM February 9
I love netflix but fed up with the phone app. I have various streaming apps on my phone, and they all load in a reasonable time. For about 6 months, I've noticed my phone's netflix getting slower and slower. Now it takes 5 min just to open, another 5 to 10 to look a show up. I don't have this issue with HBO, sling tv, or freeform. Works fine on laptop, Xbox, and smart TV but I'm ready to uninstall for good from my phone.
Netflix issues I don't know if this is like, a NETFLIX problem or a google problem. So, this screen about Chromecast pops up while I'm watching and it tells to insert a pin. To insert a pin, you're supposed to buy this Google Chromecast thingie. Eveb if I don't wanna buy it, IT JUST KEEPS POPPING UP! SOMEBODY TELL ME WHAT'S HAPPENING?
I am also having issues now with with screen mirroring after the updates.  It was working perfectly for the 2 years I had it up until recently.  It's doing the same thing as other users. As soon as we try to connect to netflix it disconnects the screen mirroring . It's not our phones it's something you changed or added to the app that is causing this problem. Please check into this and fix it. You will start to lose customers if this isn't fixed.
Keep losing good shows from other networks,  no more cooking or fixer upper shows.  Really lacking in newer big box office movies.  Getting tired of the hordes of European shows and few American Netflix originals. Extremely irritated with how movies start playing when I do not click play while trying to read the description,  seriously what was the thought behind this?  It's as annoying as a younger sibling. Costs more than Amazon Prime and Hulu....
Some issues: 1. Hunting for "My List" is annoying. It should be at the top - always. 2. Bluetooth speaker/headphones support needs work. Currently, it doesn't switch to Bluetooth on my x86 tablet running 4.4.2, & as a result, the system ends up glitching out. 3. The TV series selection is nitpicked rather than including all shows from each channel like Hulu.
Only free one time. You can notice next for free.  And of you choose to have money taken from refund to pay turbo tax fees with it cost an additional 35.99.   So for an all out total this year as a returning customer It will cost me 120$ to file.  That is a joke!  That h&r block prices
Now that turbo tax is so popular they offer all these different packages that they automatically have selected and if. And when you unselect them they ask if you want that package still like 4 different times. Its really annoying .   I don't care about all that extra crap I just want to file my taxes and be done. I still use this app but be warned it takes longer than last year.
Its an awsome app makes tax season feel like a walk in the park. But its NOT really FREE. It was last year, but, no matter how much í looked and redid my filing it still made me e-sign payment acceptance of 64.99 without their Deluxe or MAX package. CANT REMOVE PREMIUM FILING.
I have used turbo tax for the 3rd year in a row and wouldn't use any other unless I had no choice but to. Turbo tax is so easy to navigate and when filing taxes it literally walks you through every step and option for anything and everything. I love turbo tax on the computer and the app on my android phone. It's just so easy...plain and simple.
Huge app that takes up a bit of memory and the app itself sucks. Its going to cost $30 to $70 minimum to do your taxes on turbo tax. Be prepared to sit on your phone for an hour only to process your CC for $70. Not worth my time when I can find a real human to do it for the same price.
Will not recommend to anyone that I know. They literally just throw you around in circles searching for answers on your own. Then you call for help, and they give you a bullsh** answer to get you off the phone but in NO way helps with what you called about. Literally a waste of time and money.
I just used this app to complete my taxes start to finish. I have to admit, it really WAS as easy as they make it out to be. Just a series of clicks and swipes and I was done in no time. I was even able to scan my documents rather than have to fill out every single box manually...which is a nice feature. Way to go, TurboTax. Your app is pretty sweet. :)
I've used this app for numerous years and it is extremely easy and straight forward! But this is the first year that I was charged for the deluxe edition, after I was told it would apply my discount at cashout. (years before it was free because of my military service) It also no longer offered me the option to have a payment processed from the refund itself, putting me in a very tight situation until the refund check gets deposited. When I called customer service, I was basically told that they had made changes in prices this year and to reveiw my billing information to see the charges and if anything looked out of place. Ultimately there has been no progress made and the only reason that I use this service is no longer availible, and I see no reason what so ever to continue using this product.
Customer support are ridiculous on this game..I traded resources in the market and am still waiting for them.   Have provided screen shots too n get told they have been sent to me when they haven't at all..  also really unfair when they started nian event and ended it way before the 30 days that they put up ...  if u haven't put money into thus game I recommend u don't...I did really enjoy this game but the treatment from customer support regarding issues is really bad
Over all great game but for those who are new to this type of game may struggle so best to join a good alliance were members will help you if you do join come to TNT server 23 were we will help those willing to be active team players
This is basically that swatzenegger game with a different skin. Asks you to buy crap every two minutes and had one month cooldowns on building stuff. Quite useless.
Is this machine zone?  The Superbowl ad made me download this, but it is an absolute garbage, just like game of war and mobile strike, but somehow even more hideous. Horrible graphics and and a game play with zero originality
mega-lag in between screens cost me alot of my troops being killed, even though im using Wifi and a moth-old S7 Edge. haizz  Cust Svc's reply was pathetic, gave me no choice but to rate as 1 ☆
I hate it               I don't like your game but is pretty good enough par just kidding it's not so can you really not make this game again or deleted because it's terrible plus hackers there is one
Voice call is better And also video call
Best app ever
Wow updated
Easy to use
Nice
OMG! when my friends told me about this i was like it's not that great... but this is more than great...its awesome.  was on level vanilla in 20 minutes. thank you for making me live again!
EDIT: After seeing the developer response I decided to give this game another chance, and the issue with the looping ads is gone! Five stars now - four for the game and one for developer responsiveness! Original: The game itself is a lot of fun, but there are way too many ads. I spend more time skipping ads than playing the game. Often it will get caught in a loop where it goes back & forth between ads & the play store, & I have to exit the app & reopen to play. Tired of this, and uninstalling.
This game was good, and then came the ads. First it was every few games, then every second, now every game. Plus the ads on screen while you play too. I'd rate the game higher if I wasn't bombarded by bloody ads
Very addictive game. Adverts are annoying very time you finish a level but suppose the joy of being a free game.
Loved the game but it wouldn't let me quit. Every time I wanted to quit I would hit the quit button and it would take me to a page that had adds at the bottom so If I tried to hit back button it took me to adds. U ninstalled.
I enjoy this game so much, very addictive but big problem every time my phone switched off, either flat or just turned off. The game than resets itself. I had lost all levels & coins. First round it happened I wasn't to fazed, so I started off from start again. This time I got up to Banana stage with over 740 coins & battery dies n what do you know all data lost including my purchase for a "AD FREE" game.
Literally only reason I got this was to listen to music I don't currently own while my phone has the screen off and stuff but find out this app works the same way as the regular youtube app thus making this app completely worthless
Everytime u hit the home button to get to your main screen it turns the music off . Never use to do that ,thays why i loved it. 5 star when this is fixed
I don't get it download the app because I thought you could listen to music in the background like pandora. But as soon as you leave the app the music disappears. What's the point??
Awesome app. It likes to make my phone lag and do some really weird stuff when I operate it on a lg g4. It makes my phone tweak out and do it's own random things
I'm NOT turning on my music history End of discussion. I have no interest in "learning more" either; I'm done looking at it. My answer is NO. Remove the query about it.
Great app. And to the person who said it is an annoying all because it has black people in it, you are a jerk and I'd bet you are a loser with no job who still lives with and sponges off his mother. Grow up. And I'm a white grandmother but I'm smart enough to know that every color human bleeds red. But trash comes in every color.
2nd most disappointed app by Google. Why do you force us to make an account without our free choice of our character/avatar picture. All these crappy logos ain't gonna make us make one. I request an update to restore this feature. You all tend to ignore emails about complaints, I've sent many times and no response. Not even a lame robot email reply.
I have created a clone of Clash of Clans game app by using Dual Apps feature on my  Mi Max phone. I can play the game with no issues what so ever but the problem is that i can't link my duplicate Game app to the Google Play services. In clash of clans settings the Connect button under the Google play doesn't get clicked . I can link my game to facebook but not to the google play. Please fix this issue soon. Vice versa I have no problems with Google play using the Regular COC app.
from what i can tell, Google Play can work really well for people who have a lot of friends and Google Plus, and play a lot of mobile games. but for people who just want to casually play  a game and/or don't use Google Plus, it's kind of annoying how omnipresent it is. i never use it, but i still have to have it because so many game apps require it. overall it looks alright; i just wish it wasn't so mandatory.
Many people are having problems connecting to their main account when they also switch from a second account. I did all the steps and even reset my phone to factory and still doesn't work. My other account works fine just not my main account. It is a problem on Google's side for the past few days. Terrible.
It saves our game progress in cloud and helps us retrieve it but I have a suggestion to make that is a user should have at least an option to delete their progress from their g account please bring such an option too also please make more avatars and make us choose one not the ones you give
This new app is rubbish... Honestly I understand the point of guessing where you are and asking for destination first but it's so inaccurate that it's worthless... The drivers ability to cancel without the app telling you it's happened and why is also a massive annoyance. Finally... Uber you got expensive. Just downloaded your competitors app...
its best of the worst. it will be writtarreiving time 2 minutes but it keeps increasing. drivers many times i waited for them more than 8 minutes then suddenly they cancelled the trip. cause no action from uber but when you cancel your trip you loose 5£. i was waiting outside princess grace hospital to take my 4 years kid to other hospital but after waiting outside in cold rainy day  two flstubed drivers cancelled 2 trips i calked black cap. many times drivers will take short cutts and your bill will increase minimum 30%. many times i ride black cab it was more cheap
Something is terribly wrong with Uber maps in Singapore.  5 out of 10 times (not exaggeration, but real stats) my driver lost direction and couldn't find me for 10-20 minutes, so I need to cancel it (and pay cancellation fees).  Second thing is that I have registered using promo link sent by my friend and for some reason we didn't get any credit (and I spent 1 week writing (almost 10 emails) to Uber useless technical support and getting generic answers).  So I will continue to use their main competitor in Singapore and not surprised why you were kicked of China
I dont like uber now. This application frequently updted and on each update you guys increase the fares. I will prefer now Ola to ride because thier fares are much cheaper than you.  Even you charge almost full fare in pool as well but they charge the half money from a cutomer which choose a share ride and thier full cab fare are also cheaper than you.
The service is amazing. Routing and pooling always seem pretty optimized.  I'd probably say something about the new UI if it actually shows on my device. What's the matter Uber? Is the Moto G2 not hip enough for your fancy new UI.
Don't be proud of the new Uber app. It's buggy and sucks big time. Fix it or revert it. Several times I had to book an Ola because the app just wouldn't respond. Tracking car during a journey doesn't work most of the time.
This app helps low income poeple with extra $ they desperately need. and buy stuff they can't  afford without this app thank u offer up
They finally have a "renew" option called bump it. But they charge 1.99. Seriously?! Thats beyond ridiculous. Why not just repost? How stupid and greedy of you.
One of the few apps I use on a daily basis! Don't throw "it" away! No matter what it is. Try to sell it here first. I bet it sells ~ which keeps it out of our landfills ~ and gives someone else a great deal ~ All at the same time!!   :-)
I like the app. Easy to search , good app. What bothers me is every time I need to set the filter like 5 miles away  from my zip. I keeps refreshing  and annoys me . If you fix this big it would be perfect
If someone decides to report you then you can no longer use the site. People will take up your time, not show up and lead you on. Very childish.
Love the app. I've already acquired so much already and bought so many things. Maybe add into the messages where you can put pictures with your messages, like a pic text for more pics of product or updated photos.
I am fighting for my future an that's why I am enduring this site and Let Go.  Why these people contact you and then disappear is beyond me. I don't have the time to keep contacting people over and over.  Is it to hard to tell me Yes or No?  I have been put on disability and inco
Default notification alert stopped working with latest update. Very annoying!!
Very glitchy. Sometimes doesn't allow me to delete a read email.
Damn site better than GMAIL. You have to have it on Sync all the time to download on GMAIL. No problems with YAHOO.
First time i use your application ..the last time i have a problem.. i think i will enjoy your apos
Totaly cool!!
Pretty nifty app ...
Jomo
Easy to use
Good application
I love it
Good app
Miss very much the moon level. Any chance of bringing that back for some big air? I like the racing feature, but the way to get coins is annoying. Wait thru the same Mobile strike ad for coins? Boring. Make upgrading more easily available please.
-1: multiple ads in short period of game play. -1: wait 3-12 hours to receive a single hard earned reward. -1: pay-2-win store.  In the 1st game, playing the game was rewarding enough to progress. With this release, being successful means very little since the actual rewards are all based on "irritate the player till they pay hard cash" strategy.  Lucky for people like me. There are thousands of other, less irritating games out there. Which is a pitty since the 1st game was so much fun.
Almost better than the first. 2 issues for me. Backflips: I can do 10 in a run and get credit for 1. What gives? The first one was not like that. Clipping: wtf! You get stuck in a log or a snowman and cant move, stuck in crates on the 3rd map, cant move. Happens to me pretty often
Advertising is terrible, almost always interactive ones and only 3 variations becomes annoyingly repetitive. Gameplay is amusing but some poor design in snow levels (less grip = more wheelies? Cant get past most snow men). Racing against other players ghosts is a great idea.
Awesome everything...that is a saying isn't it? Anyway great sequel to a great original arcade racing game. The only problem is that whenever I upgrade most of my cars (balance wise) I end up with the same ole' same ole' un-uprgraded version of the light front and heavy rear vehicle. Other than that a great game to all who love challenge. If this game ever gets boring, remember that you still have a long way to go before you are (like the motto says), "become the number #1 in the whole world".
I loved the first one and was excited to see this second game. Downloaded it and was instantly hooked, kept on playing and got to 'Diamond 1' level in the cup, about to reach 'Diamond 2', won a race and suddenly my level bar dropped all the way down back to the start?! To top this off, I spent another 80 minutes playing the game only for it to do it again! Wtf? So would've given this game 5 stars but that baffles me as doesn't want you to progress to next level?
The game is great but it keeps on getting out of the game occasionally then I dont get to finish races and have to do it again. Also it takes a little while for things to load. I do like the fact that u get to race in this version. Overall on ok game:) please fix these glitches.
I don't normally rate apps 5 stars. But this game is pretty much perfect. I like how it's not too easy to get coins but it doesn't feel like a grind because that's not the focus of game. So many games are just about buying upgrades and skill is not important but this game gets the balance right.
I love twitter....but things sure have been laggy lately. Considering it's a platform practically made for people who don't like waiting this is a pretty big problem. Switching between notifications and my time line takes a lot longer than it should. Direct Messaging has been the worst effected for me. The key board seems to lag like nothing else which doesn't seem to happen in other apps or posting normally on twitter. There's probably a lot going on behind the scenes we don't know about what with everything that's going on in political but I hope they can find a way to work around it soon
It works better than any other app for flashlights
Easy and light to carry.
In any point and with humility
4 stars!!!!
Very good app easy to use
Perfect and very bright
just simple as working direct
Everything is great with the texting. The phone service is weak.
Love this app. Extremely useful when posting things for sale on-line.
Haven't used it yet just getting it set up
I like it because it is free and although it does it take wifi you can add calls and I like it
Out of all the "free" WiFi text apps, this one I love!!!!!!!  This one actually does what it says!!!!
Occasionally has glitches and constantly getting updated. Ads are a bit excessive and lots are inappropriate for children. Suggested pins will sometimes pop up with curse words or half-naked people. Although children should definitely have supervision, I would also like to have a choice what they decide to put on my feed.
I don't use FB and I have tried numerous times to find friends. I search using their real names, user names, email address, phone number and it always says unable to find pinner. The Help Section did not help. Now my home page is showing that I have zero pins and boards smh. I deleted and reinstalled the app... When I tried to log in, it said it can't find my email. I give up!
Stop the "Picked for You" pins and also when you specify that you don't want to see them or those types of pins then actually honor that request made by the user. Update 2/8/17: The picked for you ads are still there and even more obtrusive, so much so you cannot even see your friends pins. If I wanted ideas, I'd search. Stop trying to guess what I want.
OK, since your last update, I can no longer see my "veggies and salads" board.  This is the board that I do a lot of pinning to.  I can see it if I go under my name but it does not show when I try to pin items to it.  It shows on my computer and laptop,  just not on the Android app (which is unacceptable because it is the android where I do all of my pinning).  I'm very unhappy that each update renders the app nearly useless.
With each update it gets more and more buggy. I completely lost one board on my list. It shows up on the main page, but when I choose to pin on it - IT'S GONE! Typing captions of any kind or adding links is a no-go, it just repeatedly disappears. SO disappointing. Please fix. 😑
Dear Pinterest, i would like to know why have you deleted my friend's account. He is very active on Pinterest and wouldnt quit Pinterest at all. So why have you deleted him? And no he does not post any sexualized pins. His pins are mostly aliens, fantasy and anime. Tell me Pinterest!!!
The white circles are stupid and blocking the pictures!! Bring back the "You" tab!! I hate the new way to edit my pins!! The app is NOT user friendly now at all! I want to see how many people have repinned "MY" pin, not the total of everybody's!!! If it's not broken, don't fix it!!  What is the point of reporting all the nude pictures when pinterest NEVER removes them! My grandchildren love looking at pinterest with me & have to worry about nude pictures popping up!! I so wish I would have never downloaded the last 10 updates........uggggggg!!👎😠👎
The newest update no longer allows me to see who pinned what. I have to click on a pin to see who pinned it. This also makes it nearly impossible to find new people to follow. I liked being able to see who repinned my pins seperately from the activity on my friends list. This makes it difficult to see which boards of mine have new followers and which pins are doing well. This update is awful and took all the fun out of Pinterest.
I've been using this app since 2014. I never had any issues. What I love the most is the offline mode feature. I can listen to my favorite songs anytime, anywhere. :)  I am a very happy and satisfied user.
This is a great way to listen to music. You can make your own playlists and other cool things. I love Spotify. I wouldn't dream of uninstalling it.🎧🎵🎼🎶
Great music apps! I don't need to save any music and search for new music anymore unless I'm going to remote area.. At that point, could also download the song needed from this app.. Great job..
Well I dont really like that you have to pay for offline mode and it doesn't have pretty little phyco and I really wish it did but rather than that its a really good app 😜
it's the second time I have to uninstall and reinstall this because it erased all my saved music and won't access anything. this is frustrating.
I can never imagine life without spotify. I love that I can play any song at any given time. The Playlist are perfect and I always find exactly what I'll looking for. I use spotify on my long runs to distract myself. I use it relax while cooking dinner or sitting outside enjoying the night sky. It's perfect for all occasions. I purchased more accounts for my family. My parents found it to be the best gift ever. Now my whole family is hooked. Thank you spotify for always being there for me and for being as perfect as you are.
JJ Just been introduced to this by my nephew.  Put my favourite group on it and simply enjoying listening. To do any more he will have to teach me what to do. But great nevertheless.
I absolutely love the app and overall service. However recently my app has gotten kind of slow, I don't understand why, in previous builds it's been very snappy and responsive, but the most recent build has got me waiting 30 seconds just to open a playlist. I've uninstalled and reinstalled and cleared my cache, restarted my phone but still the same. I own a Moto X Pure Edition. Anyone else experiencing this?
Before the last update,had no problems at all with Premium Spotify. Then all my download playlists, just deleted from my phone. I had to download all my favourite playlist of 800+ songs 3 or 4 times Again . I've not had to do this since I first installed Spotify over 2 years ago. It had been a 5🌟 Best music App available. Never had any problems with Spotify before and have been happy to pay for the Premium. Not so happy with it now 3 🌟🌟🌟fix this please Spotify then you can have your 🌟's back no problem. Down to 2 🌟's Now as while I was writing this it was downloading my favourite playlist AGAIN . HOPEFULLY  This will be the last time I have to download for offline listning
Sticky, and surprisingly diverse strategically.  Not to mention fairly generous with in game currency.  Fans of the Pokemon franchise who enjoy chess/checkers will enjoy this new SPIN on the universe.  Would rate it higher if bugs were solved, however maintenance is quite frequent and problems are getting solved by the week.
Super good game fun and challenging in the right ways. The problem is the new legendary birds Zapdos, articuno and moltrace. Their soar ability is quite difficult to stop without having one yourself. But still love the game may not play much more with how imbalance they made it with those birds
It's too bad the game was released before it was ready. There a tons of glitches. I have yet to pass through the tutorial without being sent back to the title screen. I have seen the game played on a friend's phone and it looked fun! Once the bugs have been fixed I will change my rating. Even with the latest bug fixes, I still continue to be sent back to the title screen due to unexpected errors
I got stuck on the elysium quest i defeated the owner nymber 7. And then the next quest did not unlock. I deleted the game and reinstall it to see if that would fix it. But no it just deleted my account and started from scratch. I lost all my figures.  And spent some money on the game. I contacted them to see if they can help me retrive my account. But have not received any help yet.   I had a really good deck now all of that is lost.
Samsung Galaxy Tab S, not listed as an incompatible device, but can't even run the app. Opens to the black screen with "connecting..." and quits back to my homescreen after a few seconds. I was looking forward to trying this out.
Cant put it down!!..lol..only reason i went ahead n voted is because of update...ctfu!! The fact we have to wait sooooo long for boxes to open or buy packs,( to get more pieces basically)...now that sucks. I also think more exp should be given to figures after battles...but beside that...i give it a 4.4!!
Cool, but when I am so close to the winning, the Instructor battle my Pokémon and then my Pokémon died. But when he's so close with his winning when I battled him he win. IT'S VERY NOT FAIR AND I WASTED 10 MINUTES FOR MY LOSING
Messed up game guys. 3 Rainbow chests in a row what do I get? Wigglytuff, while everyone else has all 3 legendary birds and dogs in their deck. Also had several games that I lost because the opponent somehow magically got 2 turns in a row. This game needs some major work along with a change in their RNG.
Tnx for fixing my computer. I only have one complaint. Every time I type something, at least 2 words are tagged. One time I wrote a paragraph for a friend, and the ENTIRE paragraph got tagged. Idk what's happening, but pls fix
The game is very cool. The game is animated it really well! The thing is way too laggy though. BUT say (yes, I love meepcity)                                            *_*   -(YAAAAAY)
Please Help Me, When I Click The Play Button Or Join Button On The Games It Won't Allow Me It Says On The Top "Can't Join The Server" And I'm Still Waiting I've Been Waiting For 10 Hours Sometimes 24 HOURS Pls Help Me I Miss Roblox, Idk What To Do Please I Wanna Play Roblox Help Me Guys
The game is amazing but one down side is the chat ####! Is really annoying why does everything come out in ##? For example puting "fuk" (seen people us this) is fine no hastags but when u put  nice.... it comes out as "####" please fix!
This game is good but there are a lot of problems 1.It won't let me play on either my tablet (the newest tablet) or my phone!!!! It says roblox is compatible with android devices and Samsung but i join a game and it kicks me out!!! 2.stop hashtaging everything because it doesn't even censor the bad words but it censors the not bad words like i, omg, lol, xD, it, play....like what does hey ####### lets go #### and # will be ## 3.way too laggy on mobile devices 4. They treat the builders club members like gods and the non builders club members like worthless slaves  5. People call guests and non builders club people noobs 6. Everyone brags when they have robux and when they have expensive clothes on 7. All of roblox games need to be compatible on all devices because for an example my friend can't play mlp on her tablet 8. There is too much drama on roblox  9. There are too many hackers 10. There are inappropriate games that include private parts and other bad stuff That is all i have to say about this game it is a good game but there are way too many problems please make an update that will at least let us play whatever game we want because ive seen way too many reviews about these problems ⬆ (in the beginning)
I like the game it's super awesome but I was charged twice for a game and lost the robux I just spent money on and I can't find a way to get it back can u fix this problem please
It's a very good game. I had it on pc and decided to get it on mobile. It drains battery but I'm ok with that because it requires a lot of processing power. Please add an option to change graphics quality like you can on the pc version.
I absolutely love this app,  but for some reason I don't always get the items that I order,  not sure if they just get lost in delivery to the states or what it is.  But wish does have their customers in mind and are quick to help remedy the situation.
I bought a pair of genuine boots i get a fake pair of pleather boots n many other things im soo mad im also inpecting some other stuff for my sister i hope urs in today after im deleting this app still waiting for other stuff cant wait so i hope it does.
Die App ist super. Ich habe mir bereits einige Sachen bestellt und die meisten kommen teilweise bis zu 3 Wochen früher als erwartet. Die Qualität der Produkte die ich mir bestellt habe ist soweit echt gut, ich werde also weiter Ausschau halten. Es wäre allerdings immer nötig, sich vorher die Kommentare und die (wenn geposted) Bilder der Leute anzuschauen, konnte so bisher vielen "Fallen" entgehen. :)
I really like this app because it gets you things for cheap. I placed my first order and now I'll see if this is legit or fake.
I love shopping on the way and would recommend it to anyone even though you wait a while on your order it's well worth it and if there is any problem with your order customer service is very helpful at resolving the issue!
Items that dont have tracking outside the seller country take forever to get here but anything i have more than 2$ for shipping has arrived with a month from ordering it.
I spent over $100 on clothing from Wish, and they kept emailing me alerts that my shipping date has changed (so far the dates have changed 3 times). Now, most of my clothing won't be here until 30 days after I purchased them. When I emailed customer service, I told them I would like to be refunded the amount of shipping costs considering its taking a month to get to me. At first they replied that they would return my item and refund the money. I asked if they even read my email, bc I didn't want to return the item, I just wanted to be reimbursed for my inconvenience. They said they "don't do free shipping".   I had 1 item arrive (on the original shipment date) but the quality is so poor, it wasn't even worth the money. It was supposed to be a gray Mama Bear hoodie, but it looks and feels more like a thin, scratchy long sleeve shirt.  I wouldn't recommend this app to my worst enemy. Seriously, the worst customer service I've ever dealt with. If you're willing to "save a few bucks" by buying low quality material, 30+ day shipping, and poor customer service, then go ahead and get this app.
Love, I found Wish. I was shot in an armed robbery and other hardships with this incident and loss of a loved one and other hard times that fell on me. I had a complete nervous breskdown especially as how I was going through menopause and going through empty nest  syndrom  And I was soon diagnosed with and suffering from PTSD!  People who do not  know
Some times you will have a long wait. Maybe you won't get the package (refund is happily given). While other times you get items early. I enjoy the app
I use it everyday. Found a great deal on a metal detector and I bought it. Was very simple to use.
Awesome app. Love it. This app, 5miles, close5, and OfferUp are my sell almost anything apps. If you live in the antelope valley area in California add all 4 apps. Come on people let's keep it growing
Great source of selling and buying things. I have not had trouble with LetGo one bit!
It's a good app it would be better if I could follow people so when they post I got updates
First time using this site,thought I'd try it used craigslist before,wasn't to impressed. So thought I would try here.
Great way to sell you treasures from home to someone who needs them more than you do.
Well I haven't sold anything yet but I don't have any doubt that I won't.
Really solid app. I'm actually selling stuff and making money.
This is the first time I have ever reviewed anything thats how bad the last update is I live in BFE get 0 Internet so we watch netflix on the cell phone screen mirroring it to the tv till you jackasses screwed it up after updating every time I go to mirror netflix it shuts the smart view off. Im sure this is just a accident and some grand scheme for you money grubbing bastards to make more money somehow.  Please correct or I will gladly give my money to Hulu.
Netflix was already great for the amount of shows available. Now bei g able to download some and to my SD card is great. Only thing annoyingis that i sometimes have problems finding my list in the amount of options because they keep changing the order. I would also like to delete items that i started to watchbfrom the app or the roku
When I try to adjust volume, a notification pops up, full screen, asking me to cast to a nearby device, if I try to exit the notification it immediately reappears, if I go to my phone's home, the notification is still overlayed and even when I kill the app, Google play services feels the need to keep the notification up. Even then, if I try to exit the notification it comes right back. The only two ways to get rid of it is to successfully cast and then exit the cast or shut off my phone. I'm on a moto g4.
On my daughters phone, when she connected her Beats® headphones her phone would say they were connected. But then when she would go into the app it would buffer and cut out sound. We know it's not her headphones or phone because her headphones work with music YouTube and games. So it's not her phone or her Beats so it must be the Netflix app.
This was a great app until you buggered it up with your updates... for a start, it now takes forever to find what I was already watching, but now you have removed the cast feature in android N. I'm not going to sit watching a movie on my phone when I have a 50" screen sat 10 feet away from me. Fix it or I'm cancelling...
Updated the app today. Can no longer share the screen from my phone to my Roku. I can share the screen, but once I open Netflix it boots the screen share out. Works just fine up until then. It sucks cause I don't have home Internet and use the app to screen share to my Roku and watch my shows on a regular sized screen.  Edit: updated to version 4.13.2 on 2/8/17. Still no fix for screen sharing. Spoke with Netflix shortly after the last update and they told me it was nothing on their end and that mirror casting is notoriously unreliable and that Netflix has nothing to do with mirror casting, it's a separate entity. I explained that I fully understand seeing as its a function of my Samsung S7 and not an option through the Netflix app and explained to THEM that, despite the fact that they don't have any hand in mirror casting, something in the update clashes with not only mine, but many users', ability to screen share and they need to look into it.  I hadn't had any issues with it before the update and it works fine since with any app/function that isn't Netflix. It won't even connect to my Roku if the Netflix app is still in the background programs. I have to fully close out of it using the task manager.
NEEDS more selections for the 90's and early 2000's. I tried looking up a movie and it wasn't on there and I really wanted to watch it. 😒 (It was called, The Backup Plan) the sound on the movie wasn't right and picture quality sucked.
No longer loading correctly on my phone or tablet.  On the tablet, I can get into the app, but many images do not load and all doesn't really work.  On my phone, I can't get past the splash screen.  It tries to load and eventually times out, saying it can't connect to Netflix right now.  Works fine on my PC, so I know it's not my internet connection.  App worked great until a event update.
After choosing not to use the PLUS service, then repeatedly turning down offers to upgrade to plus, they charge me for plus anyway, wont let me opt out of it and now for my freefiling of taxes thay only want $65. Just another company ripping off the American people
I've been using TurboTax for the last several years absolutely NO CHANGES FROM year to year  NOW this year you say I'm NOT ELIGIBLE FOR EXAMPLE FILING AND NOTHING HAS CHANGED  WTF! NO WAY TO CONTACT U TO KNOW WHY I'M DONE
A seedy scam. Use this if you wanna waste your time and get a messed up return. Also, Even if you don't use premium features, you're forced to pay for them. Good job Intuit scam artists. PS the import tax info feature is totally broken. To test it, I let it check my return for errors with 0$ income from a year of work. Didn't catch that error it caused. Garbage tax app. I'd use any other service if possible, even paid ones since this isn't actually free anyway.
Non service ..... I call several times to talk to a tax expert never they have one available....... but all  persons I talk to they are a product expert.. On TV the promotion is way different.. but I still have to pay for service never received...... very very unprofessional...HR BLOCK MUCH BETTER AND PROBABLY CHEAPER....
First time ever doing my taxes. It was easy but when it came down to e-file it kept rejecting my federal 1040a from 2015. Then I kept getting something has gone wrong with my tubro tax for close now. I try call for help and there is no number to call.  Once again Im not happy
Super easy and free. Just need the documents and you are good to go. No more hidden fees with the name brand return companies. I spent $300 last year filing taxes and this year I spent nothing. It's great for a low income return. I will NEVER use any other method of filing my taxes. Extremely happy with TurboTax!
This is the first time I've ever done my taxes on my own, I'll never use Jackson Hewitt or H&R  again. It's very easy to use, it gives you step by step and at any point you can get help. I had to use a tax ID number due to identity theft and it was still very easy.
Pretty aggressive on upselling but a very good tool after getting around that. Your in-app browser doesn't allow zoom so it makes most webpages unreadable and some of screens are all white unless you scroll down then it redraws it. Only other useful thing I can think of it allowing uploading a PDF of our documents rather than taking a photo or entering it manually.
Great game, just having a little trouble when there's alot going on, on the screen it glitches up. Also I keep getting push notifications from my alliance chat for some odd reason
This is yet another clone of the ever so popular war games that everyone makes but doesn't add anything. Waste of time.
It could have a search button for monsters and levels and also for tiles. And let you watch the battle so you can configure troops for each fight
Fun once you get the hang,  not a great training section,  but decently helpful info where needed.  Alliance section could use a lot more explanation.
although its very similar to all the games like it just enough different to make it worth while. I was hoping for way different however. smidge disappointed
It's a good game, but it is based off of in app purchases. Although you can play for free, the build times take for ever which makes you want to buy stuff. Other than that I see no problem with it.
Go to the bottom and hit Flag as Innapropriate. Very very immature. Chat is very violent and abusive. Others agree. This game needs disqualified, banned from release.
It's so like... U know u get everything you want but mostly the things you have to buy but it's very nice
Gud
Hey devs need a little more invovation in texting especially in group conversation add small option to automatically prevent the download the media from the selected people or groups
It's become hard to receive message from friends.  Even Over 4G
Very good app historical beautiful too good
need some more features lyk hike
AWESOME! !!!!!!CAN'T TELL
Stop updating on a daily baisis
Greatest app ever
Wonderful!
There are far too many ads. It got so annoying I stopped playing it. Otherwise, it's a fun game.
It's a very addictive game. The only downfall, too many ads pop ups.
Great game marred by the constant pop up adverts. I understand you need the ads to make it pay but video adverts eat data and get in the way. Stop being so greedy.
App tries to give notifications. It's a stupid game I barely use don't try to notify me.
The flashing ads drive me nuts and it spoiled the enjoyment. I've paid to switch them off.  Need new levels adding faster, having to wait for new levels is annoying.
Good game overall, but too many random ads popping up in the middle of game play. I would hit the ads and not mean to. If ads weren't as intrusive this would be a better game. Uninstalled due to ads...
The game is fun but it is 100% designed to make you click the ads. After the latest update, my home screen button is under an ad. In order to get literally anywhere else in my phone I have to click the ad. Uninstalling.
I have enjoyed using this app.Love music of all genre (kind). YTM has any song,album, and artist you could want to search. Watch video's, like,download, and create playlist tolisten to whenever you want. I do recommend Youtube music app. Im pleased with it so far. ( :
Will change to five stars when alternate layouts are made available. Current layout combined with poor screen calibration on Google Pixel makes you skip songs when trying to scan to a certain part in your current song. Play bar is too close to other buttons.
My "liked" music started disappearing and unless you have red there is no point for this app. You might as well use YouTube except for how they removed certain tracks.
I like it but i dont really like how I can't chose my music and then its only a month. I also dont like how it says i cant use it becaue it doesnt work in this state..??? ..
I dislike how I have to pay $10 a month to get background play and offline playlist and just paying for this in general is another reason why might as well just listen to music on regular YouTube
I don't like that you have to pay for background play maybe just do for no ads and the YouTube Series cause it's a little annoying to pay for background play
This app sucks and u can't sign in to other accounts if u delete our google account and create a new one.  Horrible app. I hate the fact that u Have 2 go thru google 2 do everything. Even play games on ur phone. Now I can't play any games of my phone because this app won't sign in to my new account.  As a matter of fact. It won't let u sign in to a non google account,  and its saying no connection.  Dum stuff my phone had unlimited data.  I have connection.
I don't use this app! I don't need it! The UPDATES being done WITHOUT permission is a cheap move by Google. Not the first or the last. I DO NOT ALLOW Automatic Updates for a reason, dah. But because you are google you think you are a higher power. Wrong! Whatever happened to the Old Google who treated us like friends instead of robots. You don't even bother to answer inquiries. This app is in your face with Permissions to steal ALL your personal information even though you don't give permission.
I am so out of the loop...Been using this app for almost 2 years now and never really checked it out.  Just thought it was a pointless tool for nerds to keep track of achievements.  Way better than using the Play Store App...If you're a gamer that is.
Google should notify us about their problems. Some or all games are affected with, Lagging, Freezes, Hard to chat, when keyboard went down, etc. I'm not alone. I think the game app might not be their fault but Google game play services fault. My internet and tablet is good. Do research to know what's going on about Google.
I HAVE NO AUTO UPDATING.  BUT THIS APP THAT I DON'T WANT OR USE KEEPS AUTO UPDATING.   WHY??????? SHOULD BE ILLEGAL.  Uses MY memory that I have to pay for. When I go to uninstall it, I am told that it has some updates that fix other apps.  Why don't they just fix those apps with their updates?  Just an excuse to have an additional app to get more information from our phones to sell.  How many 5 stars are company pd people?
This app down loads and updates on its own. Even after disabling auto update. This consumes my limited data usage, without my consent, and therefore; is costing me money,WITHOUT MY CONSENT! I am now.tracking this app with my own firmware, and will be working with a lawyer to recover whatever costs, I can confirm, with my program! ILLEAGAL!! INVASIVE!! UNACCEPTABLE!!!!!
From my understanding the gamer id's were supposed to get rid of the need for google+ accounts. However despite when I  download a new game it refuses to auto sign in with my gamer id and tries to force me to create a google+ account. Now I  greatly dislike social media and in no way wish to create a google+ account, and I know I have the option to auto sign in checked on the settings. I would like this to  explained or fixed or else this is a 1 star for me.
to remove games from the my games section. I find it annoying to wade through a list of games I no longer want whenever I check it. If we don't play a game anymore we should be able to remove it like Amazon Apps allows. I just want current games in my list.
I forgot my login password and while resetting my password uber locked my account just because i didn't remember my last visits.this is stupid and non sense. Learn something form othet apps to how reset passwords. Like banks., gmail,  facebook and ola.  Ola is better than uber in this context.
Needs ability to add gratuity. By allowing gratuity for drivers, Uber is creating a de facto expectation that drivers will be tipped, even if they claim it's optional. without the ability to add gratuity to the transaction via the app, it just creates awkward situations.  Better still, Uber should just say gratuity is not accepted and ensure that drivers are adequately paid.
I used uber for the first time today. No car ever showup and yet they charged my debit for the ride. They don't provide a way to contact them if there is a problem. I would not recommend their service at all. Very disappointed.
SHEIKA135UE = £20 off first ride.                                          I like it, theres always drivers about at anytime and have good looking cars too. The app does still freeze now and again, plus these new updates are pointless, otherwise still a very useful & must have app.
Dear Uber, Please fix this thing. The latest update is not always available. At times it changes back to you old one. The update shown in the picture above is what I want and that's what makes the app more easy and classy to use. Please do fix this
All is good except when I try to add my Paytm wallet. It won't let me add it and when it does it would keep asking me to add money to the wallet even after having enough balance. That has me disappointed in an otherwise good app.
The service provide in Kolkata must need to improve...In city like Hyderabad it gives very good service. The esteem showed which will sometimes change after reaching to the destination it's not show the exact price. Overall it's good but services need to improve in Kolkata.
App is international, so used it to abroad with ease using same account.. Cheapest CAB currently available in india.. However recently i am not able to see if i am charged surge rates or not :(
Love this App, posting is easy, quick to post, and keeps records of offers and can rate buyers and sellers all from the app. The only thing is you have to use the app on your phone cannot post from laptop, but can view existing offers online.
My friends and coworkers are always yelling this due to literally someone at any given time is getting a "cha-ching" on our phones. Buy, sell, trade...bottom line amazing and easy as 1,2,3!
Buyer beware ecosystem, regions are easily flooded with ads for kodi installs, work from home scams and other junk and the moderation team gives it a pass. User selling stolen merchandise to people? Mods will not enforce anything on that front either. Report 1 or 20 posts and they'll likely ignore them or give a slap on the wrist as the users repost 20-30 more ads.
Best app in the market for selling/buying. However, I dislike the fact that every time I am looking at items and get an offer I have to reset my refined search in order to go to alerts. I am a constant user and I am always selling or buying and I hate that my refined search always resets  when I go to alerts.
The app is well setup it is easy to post items to sell as well  as search items you may be interested in purchasing. The only real downfall is a lot of people that use this app to purchase as well as sale items are super flaky or a lot of times unreliable. I would say between 25-30% of the time. I give this app 5 stars
The app is full of retail sellers and not many private sellers. A poor copy of Craigslist. Craigslist is a poor resource for the same reason. A user cannot filter out the retailers, because the retailers spam the owner sales category. Maybe an app like this would be a great thing when it can filter out unscrupulous retailers/resellers.
Everybody says "I would like to buy your ___ for $___, and whether u say yes or no, they never respond. Also, I got scammed on this app.
So it has a great premise, but the Search Function is pretty broke. When you do a search and then browse at an item, when you go back to look at other possible items, you have to redo the search, you also have to reapply any and all filters you may have applied to the search, this makes browsing through potential buys very hard, and much more tedious than it should be.
It is amazing
Awesome
GOOD
Cool
Cloud save is unreliable. I played a ton on one device, and then it deleted all my progress on both devices when I logged into the other device. Do NOT get this game. There's little car variety, and there's only four adventure maps. The multiplayer maps are short and repetitive. Playing with friends is misleading since you race people's ghosts, not actual people.
Doesn't properly (or at all) sync progress with accounts. Had to restore phone to 2 days old backup, lost a couple dozen vehicle upgrades. That's more like two weeks of playing and more. Had connected to both Facebook and Google. The end.
Love the game, awesomely addicting. I've noticed as I approach higher rank the counting for trophies seems wrong, so much that I'm down rating it until it's correct in adding or maybe explained to me better. Sometimes I win or tie 1st place and I lose trophies towards rank, feels wrong.
3 only because it over heats my phone with in 10 minutes of game play even hanging out in 30° weather. Cant play it. Wish i could but i cant. Fix the problem and i hope to continue playing it in the future. Galaxy s6 regular not edge. ALL THESE PEOPLE COMPLAINING ABOUT NO VEHICLES if you would remember it took like 8 months or longer before the tank and other various vehicles came out. Id believe they just released this game recently. Been playing for 3 days and im doing just fine in levels on the vehicles. Only problem for me is the over heating.
I found one bug and one improvisable issues. Bug: In one play, I landed at the upper layer of red colour house and bike was stuck there. So one tire was above layer and rear tire was below layer. I don't have the snapshot though. And my controls were also switched. So forward button moved me backwards and vice versa. I wasn't able to come out of house and waited for my fuel to end.  Other issue: while jumping, sometimes it is difficult to see proper position of my player in air as there are other player's vehicle in between due to which I landed with crash couple of times. May be their vehicle can be lightened or my vehicle can be brightened in air to see clear view.
Great game but it says invite friends to join the fun. Ok. How? Are they supposed to show up on a list? Whats the point of adding friends??my husband and i keep trying to add eachother. We are fb friends and we both have the game. We can only send invites to eachother which doesnt add us to the others friends..I really would like to do the daily and weekly challenges. But no friends and no way to add them!!!
We'll have to see. Looks great, plays great, can it pass the test of time? Let's hope so. (Edit) loving the game, 'rpm' and 'boost' dials get in the way tho. Could easily be lowered. Also, be great if I could turn off my ghost car on 'adventure'. (Edit 2) new 'mine' levels are poor. Other 3 players cruise through obstacles that kill me.
I like pinterest, I have a lot of pins and such and it's pretty cool... but this latest update added a little white circle on every single picture that added some relevancy feature that I do not want active. Is there a way to get rid of that little circle? I want to disable that feature and I'm not seeing it in the settings.
I am pretty furious right now. I've been a pinterest user for years and had several extensive boards. The latest update of the app forced me to uninstall and reinstall it, which deleted ALL of my boards! So now i have to start from scratch and rebuild years of work. EXTREMELY UNHAPPY!
Update 2/8/17 Why must the updates be so dramatic? And why are the white circles at  the bottom necessary? They're a constant reminder of how to use the app as if I don't already know. Also they're in the way (that's my opinion and would rather not see them).  All the updates are annoying. The ads are annoying and never go away, so why bother asking me why I don't want to see them? Also, I've never had the desire to buy things off pinterest, still don't. This app took a giant step down. I'm ready to uninstall.
I like the idea of accessing all this amazing content via links. One trends to get lost down a rabbit hole though - that's no fault of the app of course. Great resource for educational purposes, I am a teacher and use it mainly for this.
Bagus, pilihan lagu oke dan suaranya jernih. Sayang tidak ada pilihan langganan dgn potong pulsa dan promosi IM3 langganan gratis 30 hari harus submit nomor cc dulu. Lainnya gak berlaku.
There is no integration between Spotify and BMW ConnectedDrive. 90% of the time I spend listening to music is in the car. I now have a 2916 BMW X5 with ConnectedDrive to read apps and Spotify simply does not connect (only with 7 series - &lt;1% of the BMWs...). I'm thinking on getting back to iPhone or find alternatives to Spotify.
I really enjoy the concept of being able to listen to pretty much anything. It is very easy and convenient. I also like the idea that artists get something in return. I am less enthusiastic about this closed ecosystem. The age-old conflict between openness and convenience... I wish there was an additional way to make direct donations to the artists I really enjoy listening to. I would not mind an alarm and a sleep timer to wake up and fall asleep to my music.
I have been using Spotify now for a few years and I have had my fair share if bother with the app. Everything seemed to be working great, but for some reason some songs on my downloaded playlist will not work. I have tried multiple things to make them work but can't seem to find a way to make them work offline. Of anyone has a solution to this please help me!
As I am paying for premium it would be great if it worked consistently. Constantly becomes unresponsive, either not loading pages or freezing, causing me to have to restart the app multiple times to get it to work. It will randomly not allow me to access files I have downloaded for offline play despite listening to them offline the day before. Considering this is a feature you pay for it SHOULD WORK. This has been an issue for a while and looking through reviews it doesn't seem to be just me.
Don't known where id be without my Spotify App. I love being able to switch devices and still have all my music on them,  how i can find just about any Artist I'm looking for including some local artist in my area. I wish my songs would shuffle through more of my music,  but usually once a few of the same songs start to loop back i can hit shuffle again and it's different music i have. Otherwise nothing id change, i love this app.
Really enjoying! Works so well and I appreciate the occasional design polishes in both this app and the desktop version. Very impressive work. One thing: I noticed that after finishing a queue or list, the music stops unless you're on repeat. I really wish it'd go to some default list, a station that you set, or the next album/artist in your library, whichever appropriate.
It's Spotify. I still buy physical releases for stuff I really like but this is superb for discovery or for 'remember that song?' occasions. To those complaining about features being locked to premium, it is a very cheap way to get all you can eat music. Support the artists and drop the entitlement! Your plumber won't work for free.
I enjoy the game, but for whatever reason I can't even get a single ex pokemon... even when spending gems on quadruple draw3 and I've done 3 of them already. My friend has over 5 ex pokemon and we both started playing at the same time. Plus I keep getting duplicate rares constantly. Not sure if I'm the only one but I'm definitely not  happy about.
Best game ever. The best part in my opinion is that the developers actually listen to problems and feedback and make the proper adjustments. And they do it pretty quickly too. A lot of these reviews don't reflect how the game is now compared to when released, which is very much improved. 11/10.
Pretty fun game. There seems to be a lot of pay to play players that makes it a bit to difficult to do anything. Just seems everyone that is at the beginning levels have these over powered pokemon. But I guess that's how all games are played now
Thought is was another clash royale rip-off due to chest images but was pleasantly surprised to see an original take on chess meets Pokemon. Great game beautiful model design and best of all you don't need to pay to win 😃
Unless you have a close, personal bond with RNGesus, avoid this game. Battle system is horribly unbalanced.   If you have a deck w/ zero EX mon, you will constantly get matched with decks that have 3+ EX mons. Have had to start auto-forfeiting these matches. Zero chance of winning with the few Rares I've been graced with. More forfeits than wins now. Shuppet is overpowered.   Get ready to pony up some cash if you want to have any chance to win within your first month playing.
Remember early on in YuGiOh and how they would play Dungeon Dice Monsters? Pokemon Duel is just that  without the dice. Insanely fun, has pvp, unlimited gameplay, and multiple ways to play. Just as they say, you better have a good cell phone carrier or router/internet provider or this game is not for you.
Buggy as hell.  I got cheated in a duel when the game started saying "connecting to network" while I couldn't do anything and my timer was ticking down.  I restarted the app and it sat there trying to join before forfeiting me.  Will not play again.  Issues like these have erased all of my progress from the last 3 hours, sending me from 1680 to 1980.  Will not touch this app again.  Finally, this game has NO skill in it, whatsoever.  I think RNG plays a bigger role than any sort of skill in this game.
Very addictive and fun to play. It's easy to get the hang of, and it gives you most of the stuff for free. The only two complaint s I have are that it doesn't tell you how to tag your Pokemon and, in the recent version, I have to restart it a couple times before it starts working.
I love this game its free has a bunch of cool games I have only one suggestion make robux to where you can earn it in certain games cause I can't afford to buy robux. Please think about it thank u for your time.
It's a wonderful game but since the update it will not work either this gets fixed soon or I will uninstall it and leave a very nasty review also my tablet is an Android by dell also the problem is it works fine but when I go to play a game it loads forever then it says Roblox has stopped working
I couldn't live without roblox and if there wasn't this game on earth I would be sitting on the sofa watching TV for the rest of my life!!!! 😆!!!! My mum and dad say you need to tear your eyes away from the game or screen or whatevs but I don't think that's true!!!! 😉!!!!! Roblox (if you have R15 or the new update) is a beautiful animated game with horror fighting love adventure and tons more! What's that? Oh my fav game? Mine is the normal elevator! Even though it isn't that normal......😉! Welp go download it then!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I would of give this game 5 stars but some people are not following the rules of this game and giving mean comments so tell them to follow the rules and if they can't don't let them play this game and you can't even win because on a level I was so close to win but something just popped up and I lost and it says lost connection fix it ore I will never play this game and I will delete this game
Its ok but why do u always have to pay for robux? It would be magical if everyone starts off with 1000 robux. Please promise me Next Update u guys will do this to improve this game.
Help! I tried this game last year but as today still can't login or sign up. Seems broken still after a year! How do I fix this?
I LOVE THE GAME IT IS MY FAVORITE You Should Add More Free Stuff and Bring Back Tix I Do YouTube On it It's So good
its good and very addicting. my favorate game is pokemon brick bronze cause i get to get pokemon and everyone is nice. but can you add tix again cause i cant get free robux :(
Bought several items. Be sure to read description of the  products because you'll wait forever  to ship things back. Good values for the amount of money you'll spend
Nice app for finding new and exciting things. Your shipping charges are out of line especially if you buy more than 1 of the same item.
Love the websitr just wish i can use rewards more often. Ive spent over $500 and im not even on or only on second level. Make alot of small buys and it gets more points
My only complaint is how long it takes to get the items, but they usually come earlier then posted. Otherwise so far so good
Most pathetic app ive ever used, thanks for loosing 2k dollars on poker as after update it launches but itself!
I Love it so much, You just can't beat the prices and the stuff is really nice 🤗💗💞🍃🍃I just can't get enough of this site, It's so affordable and sometimes I'm on it for hours and don't even know IT 🤗💕🕊🌷🌹
Very good prices for single mothers but need to make jewelry sturdier and clothes need to be made for American size women I will not be ordering clothes from this site but will continue to shop here
Prices are gd however some of the products arnt what they say they are beware of some stuff all in all not a bad app medium delivery time fast customer service it's got a lot of gd things and bad
Just downloaded the app. I'll keep you informed. Thanks. Everyone I know loves it.. This APP
Easy to use App. Easy to post pictures description. App is very user friendly!
I like is because. O can get things cheaper
The help everybody what you need you got it
It has helped me out a lot
Good app store sell and buy
Smerg berg Mgerb
Since the app undated I can't chrome cast from Netflix anymore!! Pointless paying for the 2 device option if I can't stream it to my TV via chrome cast. If I set up the screen mirroring all I get is a blank screen with sound and no movie. I hope this is sorted sooner than later. Love Netflix just not liking that a key feature is now missing
Chromecast support is kaput! I can cast with YouTube, BBC iPlayer and other apps, but Netflix refuses to "see" my Chromecast device. Even a reboot of my phone didn't resolve the issue.  Will wait and see, but my subscription is a waste of money if casting is no longer functioning.
I use Netflix all the time and just love the options available in the app. One thing that is kind of annoying is the fact that this new feature of downloading shows and movies is not supported on older versions of Android. My tablet has Android 4.2 on it and I would love to be able to watch office shows on there rather than my phone.
Download speed on data (when necessary) is ridiculously slow. Downloading content is now available to SD card (or device - its our choice) - fantastic. When all content is available for download this app (thats a rights issue not tech related) will be as close to perfect as it ever can be.
On both my Android devices the thumbnails are slow loading, many thumbnails fail to load at all. I have a fast net connection. This is really annoying, because even favourite show's thumbnail fail, or stall for ages.
Really? If you change the color of the "dear white people" to black there would be protesters all over the place but you choose to air such a racist program against my race and think it's okay? F**K YOU!!! YOU WILL NEVER EVER AGAIN SEE A PENNY FROM ME!!! So it's okay that they wanna kill ALL white people...  Nice... Netflix is SCUM!!!!!!!!!!!! I CAN'T EVEN EXPRESS JUST HOW PISSED OFF I AM!!!!!!! F**K YOU AGAIN!!!!!
After upgrade to Android N on my HTC 10 Chromecast button is missing and two devices are visible in network. It's definitely your app problem as all others work fine. We love you guys in Poland but my Chromecast Ultra is sad I stopped using it and it was my only 4K option. Update didn't fix it.
It cost me $0 last year. This year I paid $65 because the app sneakily tricked me into the plus option at the beginning of filing. Once your at the end the only way to opt out of the plus option is to completely delete your entire return and start over. Then if u want to pay with your return that will cost you  even more. That was super shady turbo tax. Not cool!
This was my first time doing my taxes on my own. I was skeptical about the app but can honestly say it was easier than I thought it was going to be. Yes they do offer the plus and max like others say but there is a way to file without paying you just have to READ. I got mine done absolute zero haha I would post a picture of the receipt showing nothing but zeros but it won't allow me. I will definitely be back next year
Last year I free filed, this year I paid 34.99 to refresh my data from last year and then got billed some other 24.99 fee.... thieves! this is the last time I use there services I suggest another company that doesn't bill you twice.
They like to advertise Thier service as free but once you need one form it for from $0 to costing over $100 dollars. They mislead and just get you in the door to get your money in the end. Go with a tax person whom will probably charge you far less.
The app should tell you if the ID you're trying to create is already used before they allow you to create your password.  Then they sent an email to the person who had the same ID I created! Who knows what information of mines was sent? This app in my opinion, is not safe! I created a different password and I have a different email address. Why would you send my info to another email address instead of mines when trying to help me sign in????
Pretty fun, but I think you should be able to gift your own items and resources to other players, especially other members of your chosen guild.
Complicated game when you first start out but once you get it down, it's a lot of fun
Oh my God I keep getting notifications from the stupid app I hate it so much I rate it a 0
I don't usually Enjoy these games, i downloaded it for another games' credit. But after trying it out. I am pretty glued to it, love it.
You need to spend money,  If not you will be spending all your resources, and time healing your troops.
I played this on the original desktop setting enjoyed it for years and I like being able to pull out my phone and play it on the go!
It's okay if your into the top down strategy type game for me it just wasn't my cup of tea
Nice app
Good app
Aswm
Oswm....
Awesome
I'm not able to get latest updates of Whatsapp.. Now the currently update is 2.17.50 bt in my cell its still showing 2.17.42 as latest
Its better app for messaging.... It lets you to talk with the desired person in better way
Unfortunately force stop when i try to send picture to my friend. Please fix it immediately!!!
Its a good app and I love it
I get the need to have ads but why the heck do they have to eat my phone battery!!!!!!!!!!!!  Ads suck!  plain and simple!!!!!!!  Bit Mango people don't respond I don't have the money to remove ads!!  I see you tell people to contact you about the ads but what the heck are you going to do for them??  All app game developers have one thing on their mind!!   MONEY!  GREED!!
Need more opportunity for hints as you level up. Tends to get quite difficult to complete each level
This is a great game for my kindergartener. But I find that all of the massive adds frequently interrupt her learning and suck up my data. :(
Update : the ads seem to be more controlled. I would like to see a challenge against other players or maybe "help" from other players option. My grands and children are playing now and they come to me for help. It is a great way to get the family involved. Maybe a challenge level with a 3 strikes you're out with guessing the correct word. That maybe fun as well. Also a challenge of the word, because sometimes I think, this can't be a word. Then I look it up in the dictionary to double check. I also find words that aren't even in the extra words. Could there be a suggestion box for a situation such as that? Otherwise and overall this is a fun game. I think I will keep this one. Heck I still play scramble and bejeweled. So this one is worth keeping as well. :)   Way TOO MANY ADS. Ads after every word level. This makes me want to stop even playing. I would play more but the ads are just too aggravating. I may consider buying. If I may make a suggestion. I play many games and some have a "watch ad for coins". Also, ontop of the ads, there's also an ad bar that is distracting. Please correct.
It's fun but the ads are annoying... I know that's what you get for free games but it seems like they purposely make it easy to accidentally click on an ad.
this is so fun and it doesn't stress me out like other games on here. I love it! great for all ages, my 9 and 16 year old boys love playing it with me!
This Word Cookies is really good but I'm not sure about last year's Word Cookies. Because this one is colorful and the other one was... well dull.
Hi guys ... I need  big big help pleeease.. Play games wont work on my device flare S4 ... It works earlier but now nothing happens when im changing my account.and even i open play gmes.nothing happens.its all blank... Pleease help me fix this problem.. I tried to use older versions. ..cleared the cache og plygames and services but still nothing helps.
Thought the whole point of having a gamer ID was not needing Google+ to sign in? Doesn't automatically sign me into anything without asking. Auto updates on its own overriding the users settings another good reason never to trust Google.
The record gameplay feature is not supported for my Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime (SM-G503T). I will greatly thank you if you could fix this. I have to use a different recorder now.
It's quite interesting n rather addictive. The dialog of fish encourages n there will be a smile without our knowledge. But the points r not enough,it would be more interesting if points n boosters r increased. I heartily feel conversation of the fish...lol
It says I need to update the Google play, I did... Over and over and now I dont even have my accounts any more. And I've ready contacted customer support I want my accounts back. Google pls to God fix this.
All google+ friends disappeared somewhere in the universe!!! GPG update automatically  although I have unchek autoupdates.  I DON'T WANT TO HAVE STUBID Google Play game ID. FIX THE PROBLEM. There is thousands angry players at our community because of ID. NOT fun anymore
I don't know why the app has to open it self after updating. I was in the middle of a timed selection and it messed up everything for me. It usually updates in the background but it didn't this time. I hope it is an isolated event but I will look out for it then change my review. I am not looking for an apology since they can't do anything for me since it already passed but I warn you that it might happen to you however minimal the chance maybe it might be an more important timing for you since we do everything thing on our phones nowadays and you might not want to risk it. But it is a good ride sharing service but since it can only requested though the app, the app issues will affect the rating.
Hate the new App, the interface is buggy and inaccurate. Why release something without proper testing. On the whole, the service is quick,  efficient and the drivers excellent. The prices have also been good compared to regular taxi rides.
This is a unfaithful and not defsnetly professional software as i am a software developer there guys are really charging too much acording their expenses... and also they were never responsible for thier mistakss.and if you claim for those mostakss they will disconnect youd call ... such a worse service which i found ratheer than ola cabs...
Uber is definitely not a good choice.  Its used to be a friendly apps before. I love it and keep promote it to friends and family members. Who doesnt love Uber? They must be nut. Friendly and good driver but not always with comfortable car, easy apps, affordable fee, etc.......But for current time, its change absolutely!   Before this, the apps will show you the surge if its happen, so you can wait until the fee is dropped to normal price, but not happen anymore. Then you'll be charged higher than normal price because you dont know the fee (if its uncommon place to you). I ride with uber where ever I go because its the good choice over the taxi. So I know some places and their normal price.  Before this, if something happen and you can complaint it. Be it due to the driver, car, fees etc , you can just write it easily over the apps. But its not that easy anymore. Its just like Uber dont want to receive any report from user anymore. End up, I just click on anything in the apps to make sure the problem I got reach the customer care service.   People, lets choose other option. Uber is certainly not one of them!
The location was a little off in the app, gps was right but address was wrong. I had to manually correct it, not a big deal. But the service was really fast. 5 minutes from installation to collection. Driver was great.
I have a scenerio in which the app functionality fails.... Ur testers have not tested all the scenerios Scenerio- When I was registering with my new number, it didnt ask me for my email ID only the OTP and mobile no. where sufficient to register... Now when I try to book app, it shows that u have not verified ur account and here is the flaw -  when I go to profile register page there is no option to add ur email ID but rather it asks for password which seems like a joke as the foolish tester does not know that they have not even asked anything as of now....!!! This is a persistent problm.. chkd on many devices and many app versions!! BTW from which company u have  developed this app?? Moreover u can still give this contract to mine i.e. INFOSYS.. we check all the scenerios
Uber drivers keep charging me for rides without ever picking me up. Uber is starting to piss me off. I can't talk to anyone and this company is basically stealing my money
Teef! Stop surging ridiculously amounts for a relatively cheap fares! Its extortion! When another company comes offering a better cheaper more honest service I'll dump UBER like a hot potato!
How do we control alerts from the app? You can't. Very annoying to have constant alerts and emails from chat. Other than that, it's a decent app.
Glitches about alerts. I receive an email alert and I go check the app, but it keeps advising to retry page to retrieve and nothing
It's a great app.. but one small problem if your internet connection is playing up it keeps stopping and starting the songs, also if you save songs on your playlists it will use a large amount of space on your phone... but it's a great app!, you have to have the premium version on though, I have not brought a CD in two years.. don't need to anymore.
Love the app. It glitches a lot and would appreciate if they would actually fix it. It randomly won't load and it's so annoying. Fix it with all that money spotify! And I think adding the feature to see what u r friends are listening to on a mobile device. But I love the concept of Spotify and premium is amazing.
Spotify is a great way to dicover new music for free, and it also has a premium version that has no ads and you can listen to your playlists offline. I really love this app, I think it's the best music app I've ever tried. Oh, and one last thing, it has this feature called Discover Weekly that picks a bunch songs based on what you've listened to. I discovered a lot of new music that way.
It is a great app.  I enjoy it more on my tablet than my phone.  Both of these are Android devices.  The only negative is that with radio stations once you give thumbs. up to a song you can't go back and change it, so you are stuck hearing a song repeating on a station that you don't want to hear anymore.
This app is probably the only thing that keeps me sane at work. I love the personalized Playlists and the fact I can use it to keep up with my podcasts is just amazing. If you are using the free version there are ads but the pros far out way that one con
I've always loved Spotify. I've had an account since it first started existing and have been a premium member. Lately every time there is an update is has to redownload all of my saved songs on my phone. It never used to do that, why all of a sudden does it need to? When I have to constantly redownload it uses all of my phone plans high speed data and screws me up. Also it tells me I have the maximum number of songs downloaded and I know that's not even close to true. What's going on!?!
Only a couple artists who aren't found here that I know of. And yes before I get charged March 8 I'm unsubscribing. But it's still good. Too much money just to listen and hats off to the creators. Once the trial is over you definitely want to have the premium options. I'll just go back to youtube
Bugs are a problem; I keep getting sent back to the title screen due to connection problems, but it does that happen overly often, so I think it's fine. Overall good game play and stuff!
Great game, but they need to do something about how some play   Its completely unfair to block the other players spawn points.  Put a limit, if you are blocking it, after say 3 turns, you are forced to move.  I have lost soo many because they block them and then i can't place any more on the board.  Close to rage quitting
BEWARE: make sure you go to transfer data before you do anything and remember your data and password. I broke my phone and lost absolutely everything (50$ of in game all gone) and there is no way for me to get it back unless I had done that BEFORE. So. Yea
While it looks quite nice and is certainly fun to play, it just has far too many glitches and connectivity issues at the moment. The game itself is fun, it's just frustrating to get to it.  Edit: the devs have dealt with the huge surge of new players and it now takes very little time to connect to an opponent and glitches seem far less rampent. This game is absolutely worth your time.
The controls worked and than thy just stoped and I can't play no games because when I go on them I can't move they don't work
You may have to wait a little bit longer but the quality and price covers this waiting period. I am more than happy using this site.  Thank-you
Great stuff at a great price. LONG shipping time!only bad thing is waiting a 45 days up to 68 days for item to come.
The only problem is that I ordered some shoes and it said 4$ and 2$ for shipping and handling it ended up being 36$
Not enough information for each individual item! Item pictures are deceiving! Sometimes you have no idea what you are buying or what type. Search is ok but need some kind of filtering.
nan
It says it all i love this app way better then craigslist
Needs to be updated so all info on the sell stuff can be put in before it's posted
It's personal. And I like it
I wish they more shows on here, like The Big Bang Theory, or The Middle, or The Goldbergs. I also wish they could add new episodes to shows quicker. Example: December 23, 2018: New episode of a TV Show comes out. March 19, 2019, the new episode gets on Netflix. So besides all of that, I think the app is pretty good.
Love this app but would really love it if I could get sound to my bluetooth speaker. It used to work but now every time I try the video stutters and there is no sound. Once that's fixed I Will change to five stars
Switched to Hulu. They have a selection of movies and shows that blows Netflix out of the water. For a month I've been unable to share the screen to my TV, when it had been working just fine before Netflix updated. I waited for another update and it still hasn't been fixed.
Getting access to more tv shows and more movies would be great. The biggest disappointment is with the last update I can not do any screen mirroring through mirror cast. All of my other video streaming works fine, but netflix. Please fix this.
New update us garbage... BRL.22002 error is as strong as ever... cant download anything since installing new update. Complete garbage. Try testing this crap before you put it out there to ruin peoples app experience. BOOOO NETFLIX!!!
Now that the app has been updated and all the kinks are worked out. this app is amazing and I've always liked Turbo tax I use it every year. I Jus hated having to be around a computer to send everything through, but this make it so simple keep up the great work app creators!!!
Had no problem actually filing my taxes but now the damn app wont even load the intro screen. I tried uninstalling and re downloading and still doesnt work. Very inconvenient to have to go to the website and check my statuses when i should be able to use the app.
...Really surprised Jeffrey Dean Morgan hasn't filed suit for using his likeness.
I think you guys need to give many variety. Overall it's perfect for killing time
Just an update customer service is doing better. Thank You.  Game is fun and made new friends, addictive play. LordPB server 21
Was interested in playing until the first thing I saw in global chat was "greetings n*ggers" real nice playerbase you got there.
Copycat of Reign of fire, clash of kings and many other games. Controls are laggy and must send money to stay competitive
I cant belive i i love this game it is so good to me wow it is my day yes!!!
I love this app Great work
No hippo emoji in Animal emoji section
Nice one Zambia
Please aad photo videocall
Very nice app
Can't Revoke msgs
The ads can be a little bothersome, but they're easy enough to bypass. The rest of the game is wonderful and everyone I've shown it to is now  addicted.
I really love the game easy way to pass time really makes you think sometimes lol only downfall for me is ads. I just hate ads lol but great game!!
Great game.  The lower levels are fab for my 4 yr old who is learning to read.  Ads were annoying but it's not expensive to remove them.
At the time they didn't offer it so someone entered my email to sign up & eventually owed money so I had to create another email. Had they required two-step email verification then this wouldn't have happened. Weird part is I never received any emails from them prior to signing up. Explained my situation & got forwarded multiple times only for them to tell me there's nothing they can do. For a company that's worth so much, you'd think they'd be able to setup a two-step email verification system.
This is a pretty decent app and it's certainly worth the paltry $10 sum. Unfortunately they do not allow you to save more than 10,000 songs to your library. The rest have to be filtered away into whatever playlist structure you decide to use. In short, this is not an app or service that is directed towards people who consume a heavy variety of music. Google Play Music is a better fit for those people.
Great app on my Samsung S7! Excellent layout, excellent accessibility, excellent music selection. My only complaint is the accessibility on the Samsung Gear Fit 2. The interface is as intuitive as it can be for such a small screen, which is a compliment! But it can be a bit laggy and sluggish between tapping a button and the player on the phone responding. Not quite the snappy interface you look for when you're running or working out.
I've been experiencing problems in paying my account after free subscription, it seems that as I approaches the expiration date of my premium account, I've been stucked putting a pin code since I chose to pay via mobile. may you chose to add some options to resend the code so I can pay my subscription. I love the app so please, fix this problem so that many people may pay their accounts and to enjoy spotify. Thank you! If this is solved, I will give 5 stars
The game just came out so all the people having problems playing should have no problem playing now die to the new update that was released a couple days ago. this is an interesting twist on pokemon and fun to play against friends
I enjoyed this game spend almost 40$ in, in app perchases. My little son accidently deleted the app.... ok no problem. Yet when I reinstalled the game I have to start from the beginning!!!!! My pokemon are gonna and all my in app purchases because I do think know a transfer id and password in which I shouldn't need anyway. Shouldn't this be tied to my playstore account like every other game. I don't want my money back I want my came back with everything going I had accomplished. I had 2 amazing EXACTLY cards to. I emailed them but I go am email back I Japanese hahaha ok. Please google and developers fix this for me please I have all my purchase emails besides there in my Google play history. Once this is fixed I'll give it 5 stars but as of not I RECOMMEND NOBODY SPEND MONEY ON THIS GAME YOU WILL LOSE IT AND BE SCREWED OUT OF YOUR ACCOUNT!!!!!!!
Screw your strategy, have some unbalanced luck instead! Server crash cost me master status, and knocked me back down by 50 points! Avoid this game if you don't want to scream.
Great graphics. Give aways are very few to none. Only strongest they can give is a pikachu? I dont think that would be enough for me to pay real money for your game as support. The match room is also not working. I keep on pressing the field to enter a game room ID but nothing works. The page transition is also a bit laggy for a mediocore phone. Hope itll have better updates in the. Future. Hope ill win an EX this time. After my 3rd try.
A pretty solid board game that doesn't require you to buy alternitive currency. (ie, in most app games: gems,gold bars,orbs) The thing I am minorly dissapointed by is no addition of Alola Pokemon, Megas, or Z moves.Im okay with this though. It is a new realease develped while ORAS was still hype.
Well it is a great game and I love it. But I have one problem with it.  I'm not sure if I'm doing something wrong or the game is just got a bug.  When I evolve a Pokémon they don't stay evolved after the match ends.  This does not stop me from playing, it just is annoying.
It's really good, love it, I just wish type advantage and disadvantage would play a good part in it because then it really isn't Pokémon. But everything else is really good! Also, xp cubes that are yellow green and blue shouldn't be able to have 0 xp.
The chance aspect of the game is horrible. This would be a good game for strategy but just being unlucky can make you lose an entire match. You can upgrade your Pokemon where miss is 1% chance but I still got it 3 times in a row!!! The chance mechanic of this game is absolutely horrible, if you could do something about it to make strategy more valid then I'd happily rate 5 stars
Great shopping app, some of the items can be misleading so read carefully Postage time isn't great, but the rest is pretty good
U could improve the browser
Simple to use and fast sales
Too early to tell, first time user
Glass Pet Aquarium in great condition asking $20.  Located off of North Nevada you can also call 565-8132 thanks
I have heard from others about the great deals here !
Why would you remove the ability to screen mirror from my phone or tablet to my tv or pc? This went from one being of my favorite apps to one of the most frustrating....giving reasons to switch to amazon video
Great movie app and I would suggest Netflix to anyone. I see they been cutting out a lot of regular movies and adding a ton of Their own... but... they make some really great movies and shows! Great job! And lol the app is easy to use and you can stop what you are watching on one device and pick up where you left off on another!
All was fine but now the download option has disappeared from the version on my tablet completely. Also sometimes before it went I'd download something and when I went to watch it, there was sound but no picture. Happened alot on He-Man.
the ability to download videos to sd card is great. Acts more like an audio book, until the picture starts playing again. voice doesnt always match the mouths and and video stops while audio keeps playing. netflix your getting there... still disagree with mic permissions. invasion of privacy is a huge problem. The permissions for the microphone states that they (netflix)can record you at anytime without your knowledge. That's creepy as hell.
Pros - Excellent streaming, Good collection. Like the new User interface. Ability to stream to smart televisions, streaming devices. Cons - No option for offline viewing, for on the go or flights. Not easy to see the whole collection. No access to reviews. Unable to manage dvd queue.
Update 24 Jan 2017 seems to have broken the app.  Just get a message to connect to a nearby device which won't go away. Have to restart tablet. Update 6 Feb not fixed this.
It was alright! 🤔 except they charged me at the end, I'm a bit pissed.. I thought it was gonna be free like it was last year, and they end up charging me.. Then I called for help to see what can i do to get it for free like last year, and he act like he didn't know what the hell he was doing.. Really wasn't any help at all.. Then the app didn't give me any option to go back and do it for free, and it automatically upgraded me to PLUS.. Which I did not know until the end, so I said forget it, I had already been on there for two hours didn't feel like starting over again and I went on ahead and filed.. I was just ready to be done! I know I'm not coming back next year.. I'm going to credit karma where I know it will be legit FREE!! But my refund looking good though! 😀
Love it! Absolutely love it! First and foremost..... the services are free!! Second, it's very simple to use and last, you have options to get help from real people, if you need it. USE INTUIT TURBO TAX AND NEVER PAY OUTRAGEOUS FEES TO GET THE MONEY YOU DESERVE!
I went to the taxes office to do my tax return, the tax professional stated that i can claim 1800$ and have pelenty for my health insurance of 700$ and need to pay him 400$ as fees, i told him i have reasons to not have the insurance, so he said ooh ok, then remove the pelanty!!!! Then i asked him i drove to my work from VA to OR he said you can't claim that!!!  Any way i used TURBO TAX !and within an hour i discovered how tax offices are lies, lazy and expensive! I discovered from turbo tax that you even can claim the money you pay for the tax office! At the end my return which accepted by IRS within 10 minutes from submitting online through turbotax become 2900$ !!!!!! Folks move your butts and do your taxes by your self , even with extea 39$ you are fully protected throuth a professional accountant to defending you in any case of IRS and they will talk for your case!! Thank you so mush turbotax!! I paid 39$ instead of 400 and i got 2900$ instead of 500$ after office fees and penalties! !
I've used Turbo Tax every since the first year it came out. Its a great help all you do is walk through the steps Turbo tax leads you.  Guide me is all you click.  And you will be  guided to the most effective refunds,  audit defense. Etc.
This app was great. My only problem was I had to pay for addition on the app,after I paied for that it told me I had to upgrade to the deluxe and pay more but didn't take into account that I had already paied money. I tried looking but couldn't find a customer service section on the app
Worked great first time I've ever filed by myself and was a breeze. I think the only way you can end up paying for it is if you want to or you accidently click it. This app gives you every option to not pay, no scam, my taxes were completely free because I read carefully slowly though the process not just clickin buttons. They also offer to explain so much about taxes and different meanings of things. Also I have 4Glte and a good internet connection and my app didn't crash once so people should stop giving bad reviews for something that they have no control over. 10/10 thank you so much turbotax
It's a great and easy to use app, but they should implement a way to cancel plus benefits when you get to the end. In that case someone who accidentally hit it wouldn't have to pay for it. Don't accidentally hit it or youll have to pay 30 or 65 dollars
Eh. I don't like this. It's boring and not my kind of game. Sooorrryy
Great game enjoying it so far doesnt feel that you need to buy to win
Great pay game but you get to play for free also. No fringe benefits  for no pay.
I love the origional age1 and 2 but this mobile app blows them away
Great and addictive game! But you should change the 400 diamonds for an avatar change.
Is fine
Thanks
Starting out pretty simple. Not sure how this will develop. May be more a child's learning game than an adult challenge. Add too frequent.
I really like it, it's a cute fun little mini game that you can lay back and enjoy. One thing I can't say I like is the ads but that's it.😁
Good Game and addictive, but way to many ads. Very distracting and irritating.
It's pretty good but on my phone it wont let me go live and i see other people going live and before when I updated it it had the new features like dms  having a plus and to take a picture its on the top left for your story and I hate how my story disappears and u should show who follows back and I hate when I type stuff over again a bunch and it says your typing too fast so it blocks me from commenting. And you should have the genres of accounts so people know what it's based on and have a different home that looks better and let everyone should be able to do live that's all I have to say I hope you change it ☺
Interface is now more intuitive, but I would like to see one action in order to access the artist view. Same goes for album. Most of the time you don't know where you are, but you can go by the feeling. Playlist suggestions go in circle unless you refresh and it's usually the stuff you've already heard. I like the daily mix idea. Social part still sucks.
Most music streaming apps I've tried before either have a poor selection of music, or are incredibly difficult to navigate. Spotify, however, is none of those things. It has every single artist I listen to, a huge music selection, and is very easy to navigate. My only negatives are that premium is a bit pricey (which is the reason I haven't gotten it yet), and the suggested songs that come up when listening to a playlist. Yeah, most of the songs suggested too me are good, but sometimes I just want to listen to an artist uninterrupted. Other than that though it is pretty good (other than ads, limited skips, and shuffle play-only on free version).
The games great, but after i dow loaded the update i couldnt load the game. It would stop connecting at 9/11. I deleted and re-download the game but i just lost all my stuff
I love it don't get me wrong, there's just one prob. And this goes out to my android users out there. Why do u hate android? U guys obviously like ios better than android. They have cool stuff that we don't have. My point is make it fair. If update comes, both android and ios gets updated not just ios first. Ps. Lots of android users are mad and confuse. Sooner or later you all would loose tons of users and those people would find better apps like instagram. Fix it and don't be selfish!
This game is about as fun as the older Fire Emblems. It's a bit less tactical, but pretty good for a mobile game. The voiceovers are passable, and the graphics are pleasing. There's no permadeath, which is good because I actually didn't like that aspect about the pre-Awakening games. HOWEVER; This game is freemium. They've temporarily shortened the stamina costs to make it seem more playable without microtransactions, but after the 19th, enjoy your 4.5 HOUR waits for your stamina to regenerate after you play for 20-40 minutes. I thought I was going to like this game. It's hard to like a game you can't play.
Love the app, but since a recent update I'm getting a bug where the app tries to cast to a nearby device whenever I start watching a show. It isn't triggered by anything I click- it tends to happen when I change the volume using the device volume buttons. The pop up for "Cast to Nearby Devices" will ask for a PIN- but if you try to exit it or dismiss the popup, it immediately reopens itself. It continues to happen if I leave the app. The behavior will continue to loop until I restart my device, and will persist through any application I have open. On rare occasions it stops happening by itself, but will immediately resume if I play the video again.
I love the app, and use it almost everyday.  I would like the next update to include a feature to pause whatever I'm watching when I get a phone call though.  I always have to hit the 30sec back button and then pause until the call is over.
Dear White People, ...boycott this app!  Race Baiting is not acceptable. Reverse Racism is RACISM too! I won't support a company that denigrates my race!
Please implement a decent sorting option. Please allow suggestions to be turned off as 90% of them are irrelevant. Why are there less genres within the app? Why in the world can I not "select all" within a certain genre?? - I cant see close to half of what there is within specific genres without doing specific searches.  Netflix has just become lazy. For f sake you corporations are netting billions in revenue yet simple functions can not be implemented.
Netflix is the reason I don't need cable anymore. As far as how it works, amazing. Using with Google Chromecast and having no issues.  However. Don't trust the images you see on app page. They show Lost and yet it's not available. Also they have this thing of having part 1 and not part 2 or even having part 2 and 3 of a trilogy but not part 1.... That is the biggest flaw for me.
I've played billiards my whole life. I understand the game and play at a decent level. I enjoy this game, and have even spent a few bucks on it. But once you quit spending you quit winning. Must be playing robots or something. Lol... You're always out matched and never get any rolls. Once I run out of money I'll delete this game and never play again. What fun is a game that you win one in five matches?                                                      P.S. why can you never win bigger prizes on the spins
After the last update pandora will not start when using pandora app in my car, have to start the app first and then will work on the car touch screen
Downloads then tells me to update my phone. Why would you allow me to download this if it's not compatible with my phone. I used it last year and it worked fine. Dropped the ball this time guys. You've failed me.
A good app in general. It has too many ads. Lots of them look like part of the app and will actually give you viruses. Not very secure but does what it says it does.
Awsm
Good
Nice
This is the worst app I've ever had on my phone lock me out of my phone and gave me a virus where I cannot reboot my phone so I had to get a new phone
Abuse of click adds, tiny x to close add provokes many many false click throughs. Fun game though.
Ads drive me mad 1ad would be plenty but 2 every time completed grrrrrrrrrrrr
I don't like how in the new update, if you go into a follower's account snd then click to go back, it starts right at the top of the followers list again! It makes it impossible to follow inactive users and to follow new followers back that are way down the list! Please fix that, it's horrible!
I can't see live videos  it is not allowed  I need a help to fix the  problem  am missing  all the fun
Why i cant see or do live video.....plss help mee
It's awesome way to connect to celebrity
Perfect app but cant go live. 😡👎
Fix ur app
So high
Relies way to much on luck. It shouldn't get to the point were you lost because of luck even though you played right every turn. It gets really annoying when I play well and I get really unlucky. That happens alot
For those of you who don't know, the pokemon "tfg" or Trading Figure Game isn't new. This used to be a real life game. Sadly, it wasn't that successful... But now it being available for mobile and the figures not costing real money, more people will be able to experience how fun this actually is. The games aren't too long, and nothing is too overpowered. There isn't really a pay to win element, making it actually enjoyable for EVERYONE. I myself have no encountered any bugs or glitches. Thanks for putting this game out!
Unbelieveable gameplay, i like how you get even EX pokemon and every battle depends solely on your choices. Pokemon Go kicked me off for no reason when i wrote to asking why i got no response. Now i cant put this game down. Well Done!!!!
Its the worst game ever. The grafics are fine but the dynamics for playing are bad. They is no way to gain more pokemon if you lose. The battles are nothing like you would think a pokemon game would have. You constantly have bugs that have to be fixed. This game is horrible.
There is no way to change the amount of best friends as currently I have 7 but would like less. Also it would be cool to search for past filters with keywords as I know they said that people can pay for old filters but I don't see an option for old filters anywhere, they go away so fast.
My husband, and I really do love this app but, it could use some improvements! First of all I've seen a lot of reviews saying that it works best on Iphones, but that's not quite fair.. Both myself, and my husband know many more people with Android phones, but it doesn't work as well on Androids. As a fan of the app, I feel this should be rectified. Also, this issues, although not a big deal it would be great if it was addressed as well. It's a real bummer when you're trying to Snap someone, but it only gives you a few seconds. I'm not saying it should be able to be a "home video", but it would be nice if we all had the option to send a two minute long Snap. Otherwise, great app! I really hope some of these issues get addressed properly.
the product in itself is successful and works as intended. The issue at hand is that the app spreads people thin and it is less of a social app and more like an hourly routine or chore. Most of my friends don't actually want to have a conversation with me, but want to check being social of their to do lists. Of course that is a latent unintended function of the app, which is unfortunate. In addition the articles featured are often very raunchy despite the numerous teens and children that use app.
Latest update reflects their attitude toward Android users: We get enough traffic from iOS, you're an afterthought. Doesn't let me sign in, can't create a new account, and customer service is incompetently unresponsive. Not to mention the consistently terrible camera quality, glitchy user interface, and overall crappiness. You'll be better served with Instagram, trust me.
Picture quality is awful and it's 100% the app, not the camera. Slow, lags, and crashes half the time. Team of 5th graders developing for the Android side I guess. Also Discover is the worst thing to ever happen to snapchat. My least favorite app on my phone. Awful. I republish this review every update so it never gets discredit by being for an older version. That's more dedication than your dev team gives.
EVERY TIME I OPEN THIS STUPID APP IT FORCE CLOSES!!! EVERY SINGLE TIME!  I HAVE UNINSTALLED AND REINSTALLED IT MANY TIMES AS WELL AS SENT IN REPORTS WITH NO FIX YET! 3 MONTHS IVE BEEN DEALING WITH THIS! I DONT HAVE THIS PROBLEM WITH IG OR ANY OTHER APP ON MY PHONE BUT SC!!! THIS IS RIDICULOUS!
It is useful, but why is it so slow??? I have to start it up several times until it actually works, and when it does work it's really slow. Plus, I would like to use the main camera to take my profile picture, or use a photo from my camera roll, but NO, you can't, you have to take a selfie, and I won't sink to that level. Also, The discover function is stupid, the news is all from tabloids like the daily mail. We don't need this function, if I want news I will get from a respected source (BBC).
Its like you guys dont even pay attention to these.The camera is terrible makes my front camera look really dark and the back one has black lines and this doesn't happen when i open my default camera app. Edit: no changes at all i have 13mp rear camera and 5mp front facing
Fire Emblem Heroes is quite a fun game. In my view, one of the best parts of the game is the suspense you get when you use your hard earned orbs to summon random Fire Emblem characters. And the joy when you get a 5 star hero. I actually summoned my first 5 star today. But it's 20 orbs to summon a maximum of 5 heroes per session, so it's kinda risky. But you're really better off with summoning 5 at once, instead of 1-4. I wish they could lower it down to 17 or 18 orbs.
Everything is perfect. It's a pocket fire emblem. Simple, fun, perfect to play for 15 minutes or for 2 hours. There's a stamina system but it depletes so slowly that you can play for a long time before running out. Not to mention the summoning which makes everyone's game different depending on what heroes you have. I highly recommend playing this game whether you've played a fe game before or not. Returning players will love seeing and battling their favs while new players will enjoy the gameplay and art much more.
Fun but needs more ways to get orbs, smaller amount of feathers needed to unlock potential and a more refined way of summoning. There are specific characters I want but it's hard to get them with how slowly you gain orbs and the large possibility of what you can get. There should be something like oh I want a character from this specific game and it's random based on the characters from the game. Also there should be a way to trade summons with friends, and a way to send like one free orb a day to your whole friends list
A solid Fire Emblem game. Probably the best tactical rpg you can find on Google Play at the moment. Acceptable freemium features and it won't bleed your wallet dry to get a 5 star unit as your chances of getting a 5 star increases if you fail to pull one after several pulls. Only complaint are the size of the maps and the unit cap of 4 per party. I hope that the map sizes increase as well as as the unit cap. Well done Nintendo!
I was so hyped to hear about a mobile game for Fire Emblem. I'm a big fan of the series and greatly enjoy each one. I applaud Nintendo for making a simple gameplay mechanic that is easy to follow. The new graphics are. fresh, but some of the artwork are better than some. I'm already addicted to it and have been grinding my way to complete a lot of the quest. I have to say through, maybe make at least each chapter part reward more than just one orb. Perhaps the last part can give out 5 instead of one. In the future, maybe the game grid can be expanded and be able to use more than just 4 heros.
Has to be one of the most polished Android games I've played. Everything is so smooth. However, this game suffers the same dilema that every mobile game has. It's freemium. You have energy, so your gameplay is limited unless you pay micro fees all the time. Not to mention it's very watered down compared to the series on Nintendo consoles/handhelds. I would gladly pay a higher price for an actual Fire Emblem game on Android. Not this freemium trash.
Fire Emblem reborn for quick burst play. Simple, yet elegant, fun for all, and a great way to attract newcomers to the series. The free to play formula here is at it's best, nothing is ever required at all. I feared Orbs, the key to most all of the game, would be a rarity that would need to be purchased more often than not, but was pleased to find that they are a reward given for beating every new level. It all just works, nothing to it. One of the best mobile game experiences I've ever had, thank you again Nintendo and Intelligent Systems.
I disagree with a a review I read about having to spend money to win in 8ball. You win based on your own skill to play the game. Now if you want a better cue stick, or you want to play on different tiers,then yes, you will have to purchase that. I happen to like fan y cue sticks, I collect them, however, I have lost some games against opponents who had standard cue sticks. I still believe 8ball is the best pool game. I can't play pool in real life. But on 8ball pool by miniclip, I rock!!!
I love this game developers but I did a coin win to do an offer for mobile strike for 48000 coins to get head quarters to level 6 and 110000 to get it to level 10 because it was double coin day or something. But I did that am as soon as I finished it was gone an I got no coins. I think I should get them. If u honor ur self as game developers u wouldn't cheat people
A great game. I really enjoy playing different people. I also like having 5o earn alot of upgrades. But alot of It is ridiculous. There's no real way to earn cash, and the daily spin doesn't win any real prizes. Would be 5 stars but I would integrate a better way to earn cash, so players can upgrade cues and get better without having to spend as much money to succeed.
Love the game. Can you please make a ring or reward for beating a players level ? Keep a W/L record vs every players level. Its so satisfying beating higher tier level players, especially in big $ games , particularly tournament finals. I'm currently level #57 green league, have 200 tournament wins, most of em I won beating higher tier level players. It would be nice to get rewarded accordingly. I love the coins too. Good game. Would be great if this is added.:-)
Update: just dont wast your time. There are better pool games out there!!! In fact do yourself a favour, stay away from miniclip apps altogether!! I did quite a few of the 'offers' - including simple ones like download and run a solitaire app- and it never pays the coins. It also never has videos available to watch to earn coins so don't run out of money. The game is fun, but outweighed by the fact that you can't play with no coins.
Biggest issue is player pairings. Why would you pair a low level player with a top tier player? System should have a competitive range to avoid this issue (seen it in other free apps, so it is possible)....otherwise, good game overall. Solid controls, good graphics, basic physics followed (although become unstable at high power), and simple to become accustomed to. Solid B- game...fix the pairing system and I'll bump to an A.
Has improved a lot over time. But it seems that in the "spin & win" of the mini game the reward doesn't go much higher. I remember when it was the slot machine and used to get better rewards. Similar situations with the scratch cards. Very cheap in giving rewards. For the possibility of winning the max prize 250k, one should expect something to win for his/her REAL money spent to aquire these cards. Please improve these. Thank you.
I play cool music
If you're looking for a cheap way to get all of your favorite jams in one app, Pandora's for you! I've discovered new music & have had an overall great experience using this app. If you don't want ads and wanna just skip the bs, just buy it, believe me it's well worth the few bucks! (:
Pandora was great----until just recently.  Constant repetition of songs and then BAM-- two people couldn't listen to it at the same time.  I couldn't find any information about a family plan...just "you can add another Pandora Plus account"   No thanks---can get a five member family plan and way more music and features on Spotify.   It's been a good 6 years Pandora, but you didn't keep up
They are starting to sneak in more ads, and they don't only do one ad at a time, they do two. I drive anywhere from 20 minutes to 1 hour going just one way multiple times a week. You notice the ads there is at least 4 ads within 40 minutes, sometimes, I think I should just listen to the radio instead. Plus, people who pay for membership are shmucks. Keep it free, do less ads, or I don't need Pandora, could go back to cds of songs I actually want.
I have both Spotify and Pandora because they're both great in their own way. However, I feel if Pandora made a couple of changes, I'd stick only to Pandora. For once, they shouldn't have the 100 radio station limit (they actually just fixed this, which is great!). The other thing that would be great, in my opinion, would be if they would change the frequency an artist's songs are played in the artist radio. For example, if I click the Rihanna station, it'd be nice if they played a Rihanna song first, then one or two related artist, back to Rihanna, another song or two from different artists, and so on. There are times when I click a specific artist station because I want to listen to that artist, and it'll play one of their songs, but then it takes five or more songs before they play another one. Please fix this and it'll be great!
Okay app but I rakh doubt the junk cleaning it really does cleaning up of 100s of mb
I am happy with this app it really keeps my tablet from running slow by getting rid of any added junk.
Great, love it, everything u need on it, will recommend x
it is good and takes my junk fast and easy
It's so exciting and enriching.
easy to use ....best ever applications
Best 4 another app
not bad.I love this apps
Always nice app
Controls can be really touchy at times in that it fires multiple shots at once inexplicably and while aiming it seems to decide that you've had enough time to aim and shoots anyway. Generally a really fun game, plays nice, additional features like the house customization are nice to see and it adds a bit more gameplay to what would be fairly one dimensional gameplay.
It's awesome it really helped me see problems I didn't know about
Just hate adds
THANK YOU this app got rid of 4 virus an just a couple clicks
Easy and simple!
It's cool
Good!
I like it
0\10
Please make standard its crases all apps mobile always hanging
Ok
It's so good
I actually love instagram, it's one of my favourite apps, but your customer service sucks. I haven't been able to use one of my accounts in five days and I have sent an error report multiple times, but there is just NO support. My account sirius.blck has not been loading any content but the issue doesn't stem from my Internet connection because my other accounts work and all other apps/features work too. Please contact me and/or resolve the issue.
Makes it easy to grow an audience as a creator, but for some reason it's super difficult to save images or share them (even though you can screenshot etc. but downloading is faster and more convenient). I can't even download my own images on another device. Also I still have no idea how to make a story; not exactly super intuitive or instructing...
In future if have free insta call in and out / video call / have more icons or live stickers for insta chatting / create our own location for example "in my mom heart" or " home sweet home" something like that.. thats gonna be 100% love it. For picture profile for me to small and cant be zoom in. Hope for the profile picture can be like facebook size.. more bigger size more perfect right 😄.. please consider my opinion. Good for all! Insta always no 1 in my heart. Not only me, all over the world love INSTAGRAM so much! Good job team.. Weldone!
None of my hashtags are working at all the pics just don't show where they are hashtagged to started 3 days ago still no #tags working what a joke time to delete. Still not working no like on pics I normally get 100 plus I made another account just to see and got loads of likes I need it sorted opened a new account all was good but the above has started all over again.
Love Instagram! Really love it. But for the last 3 days Ive not been able to upload videos at all. Tried un installing, tried over wifi and data. Nothing. It uploads to the feed like normal but when I goto my profile its not there, back to the feed, refresh and its gone. Photos work fine but videos dont. Even the update hasnt fixed this.
It's a good all, but sometimes freezes at random times. For example you would open it up, and it wouldn't be able to refresh your feed even If you have internet. This can go on for (from what I've seen) about a day before it gets back to normal. Good app but needs a few fixes.
After installing, tried to register with email. Everything was going on smoothly, go my desired username, which was great. But at the last stage of registering, after I put the password & pressed OK.. after loading quite a while, a error message popped up & asked me to go to a website & read some article, without telling me what the problem was.  It just says, " Oh No! Seems like you can't create an account right now. Visit bla..bla.. bla.."   Hope someone will help me here.
I honestly don't know why this isn't a 5 star rated app. It's the best social media ever. U can face time, chat and send pictures. U can see what ur friends post too. U have streaks which is really cool and the filters are really fun. If u don't already have Snapchat then download it now. It's the best
Horrible for Android phones. It always crashes, when I try to post a story or send a snap to a friend. Recently, it started crashing just when I take a picture. It also crashes when I click on memories or pics from camera roll. The only thing I can do on this app is receive snaps and text (which is not the purpose of this app). If I could give it a 0, I would. Also the inappropriate, and annoying, "news" content, you got kids on here breh. #killsnapchat
Wish I hadn't updated, it won't even let me upload a Story!! When I try publishing one it says, "Unfortunately, SnapChat has stopped working" even though I refreshed it and tried more than once. What is wrong?! Please fix this problem!
I love the app but I can't move images into My Eyes Only from my camara roll. It says Toggle privacy status failed, can you guys help me on solving this problem? I have uninstalled, updated & logged out and nothing worked
When I take a video it gets blurry when it replays. Like when I was recording the videos it was fine but when it plays back its gets unfocused and blurryish. I thought it was my phone so a took a video with my regular camera and it came out fine. So it's not my phone, other than that the update is fine. (Update 4 days after writing this) camera quality is still so bad like I don't even want to record a video on snap. I go to my actual camera now, it's that bad. UPDATE Feb 9 camara quality still sucks, I wanted to record a part of a video on YouTube but the camera quality was so bad. PLEASE fix this
The update is horrible :( my camera became laggy and it makes it blurry whdn i take pics.. also my filters won't work properly and my battery usage goes down really fast when I use this app, and snapchat takes up too much storage. PLEASE DO SOMETHING TO FIX THESE PROBLEMS! other than that I love the app!❤
To be fair, I loved it at first and their is nothing wrong with the app itself but it won't let me log in....I even tried to go to the site on my PC and do a password reset and it works but then I use the password on the app and it doesn't work...I even tried to make a new account but when I got finished with that, it said that I couldn't make an account...it didn't give a reason or anything and I've tried it on more than one device with no luck... I'm locked out no matter what i do... please fix and I will rate 5 stars..
So I have the Galaxy S6 and I dislike the new new update. The quality of my camera has changed. It sucks so bad. My default camera is just fine, it takes crisp beautiful pictures. Please fix the camera quality. I love snapchat, but I would like for my quality to be good while snapping. Step it up.
The game is very polished with great graphics and voice overs. I just wish they had gone with micros being purely for visual pieces rather then freemium that most mobile games do now. I have not spent a dime as of yet, but I'm starting to feel the limitation of that and only been at it for about a day. Great game if you don't mind grinding a bit.
As a long time FE fan, (since Sacred Stones), I really enjoy this game as a mobile alternative. The only suggestion i have is to increase the units fought against and the units you can bring on quests. I understand it is intended to be a mini Fire Emblem but maybe 5 and 5 or 6 and 6 upon a larger map set would feel more challenging and enticing. Also please hurry and add some Sacred Stones characters! :)
I am a huge Fire Emblem fan.  This game is a good fun game.  But the story writing is lazy and the battlefields leave much to be missed from the original games.  Also, the battle system is quite different, and while still fun, it certainly still makes you miss the actual games.   This is not a Fire Emblem game.  This is a tribute, where you can see some heroes and have some nostalgic fun.   Nintendo, you could and should have done better.  But thank you for trying. This game is fun and addicting enough to play, but not enough to spend money on.
Addicting and fun game!  However the game is simplified for mobile. You can only have 4 units at a time, theres are no hit/crit chances. No pairing up or double teaming attack. No support convos or relationships. The maps are faster paced compared to the handheld games where you spent a long time making a strategy.  I will have to give Nintendo respect for not making this game a cash grab. I still find this game very enjoyable. Its not faithful to the Fire Emblem games in terms of gameplay but it does give homage to all the characters.
Great if you're a fire emblem fan with some great smaller fights compared to the main games. The character artwork stunning and the chibi style for battles works nicely. My only issue is the same as with other games like this, characters are random and can take awhile to unlock. But I do seem to have gotten more powerful ones quicker compared to similar games. Overall very happy and shall keep playing 😁
The art is really nice, the gameplay runs smooth and it feels like a nice fire emblem game to play in free time. The cons are that the game seems to have some loading times between battles (might just be my phone, samsung galaxy s5) and it gets addicting trying to get your favourite heroes lul. I hope they keep adding to this game and add events to play and an actual pvp arena to play against friends close by and anyone around the world. Good work Nintendo/people who worked on this game. You did good. Glad to see a good mobile game.
The game is good, its cool I can get a chance to summon the hero's from  the all the fire emblem games. Now it does have something I dislike, if any of your( doesn't matter who) it will cause a game over and have to retry wasting your energy trying to complete. Even if isn't exactly fire emblem but I'd like to still be given a fighting chance to complete. But other then that its been good so far.
So the "controls" tend to have a minor glitchyness to them. The gameplay and graphics are phenomenal. The only major problem I see is... why do you need access to my media files? I have spent $45 over both my accounts (I lost one) and I dont see a reason why you all need access to those. Please respond with a good reason. Great and exceptional game other than the new permission request!
The game is all good and fun. It is exciting to play, win and level up. The weekly competition part is also cool. It kinda encourages you to play more. But what is it with the spin? Those bigger denomination prizes are probably just for show. There are times when you get only 1 coin after the spin. 50, 150, 250 coins if you are very very lucky. What's the point of having those big numbers on the spin board if they are never gonna give it to us?
English doesn't work properly against the rails, And side pockets. Spin and win gives garbage prizes, I've gotten 10 better luck next time scratchers in a row. You could spend 100$ on legendary boxes and not complete a cue. A choice for More localized matches as apposed to someone from America playing a person from Australia. These things need to get fixed in order to receive a higher rating.  Update: Who thought rearranging chat selections was a good idea?
But when you develop this type game and offer ways to collect coins as in dwnld app run then get coins/chips then nothing is rewarded,or install app complete lvl 3 ( coindozer) no NOTHING!! Seems a little scammy to me. And allow for players to openly chat to one another at game table.!! Fix the bugs in your game yo.
Unless you are willing to spend real money all the time you will spend more time trying to get free chips to pay the entry fees. At the end of the day this game is all about making money and that is obvious by the constant ads to buy something.  I have over a 50% win ratio, as does just about everyone, but never seem to have enough chips to play.  Luckily I can watch 4 ads to get enough to play the lowest level once.  The Game is lots of fun and very well made but does have a lot of connection issues
Co.puter takes a statistic, tries to recreate realism, fails miserably. Fun, if you can handle the statistics playing against you when stakes are high. Oh, and make sure connection is good. Good way to lose millions of coins and not play a shot. Oh, and one more remark to go along with my previous: the physics in this game are probably the worst. You want to use right or left english against a bank? Good luck. And also, always put back english when shooting the 8 ball from center table or you'll lose
I've played 20 or so single matches,  has realistic physics. Perhaps a little too easy with direction provided for struck balls. Solid time waster!  Update: dropping to 1 star for theft of "coins" I paid for. I started play today, 1-7-16, with 43000 or so, played one game for 3000, and lost. Played a tournament for 200, lost. Now I only have 31200. I want my 7800 coins back,  wah wah wah.
It's good but I find its a lot of money and hard to get started. Also when you hit a ball in when breaking it doesn't record it. For example I managed to hit in 4 stripped balls one my first shot and it didn't record them and then the other player hit another stripped ball and it said they had hit in 4! Please fix this!! Apart from that the game is fun to play!😊
I love Pandora. I've been using it for years. I recently upgraded to Pandora One and the offline mode worked for a little bit and then when I try to turn it in, no playlists show up. And now the app crashes after two songs, using online mode. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling and now it won't even. Let me log in. Please fix this. I don't wanna have to cancel my subscription.  Also, having play/pause/skip/thumbs up/thumbs down buttons in the notification panel would be really convenient
I enjoy using Pandora, great music quality.   Just needs to be randomized more,  and more track controls could be nice.  Update--Having issues with it constantly crashing on my Nexus 6P.  Even with a cache clear, and a fresh install.  Also would be nice if they would create an android wear app, spotify even has one though I'm not  a fan of them.
Good song selection.  Sometimes the app doesn't work.  When I first got it,  it played music and the next song even when the screen went dark.  Now it won't play the next song when the screen darkens,  and I have to light the screen, wait for the song to buffer,  and then maybe it'll play.  Sometimes when it does this,  the new song it's buffering switches to a second song without even playing the first one (and without me changing it either), which is also a bit frustrating because most of the time the skipped song is one I want to listen to.
Are you still listening? Are you still listening? Are you still listening? Holy crap after the new update i cant go 2 hours before its asks me. I work in a machanic shop and i spend more time trying to keep music going then i do working im looking for another station if this dont get fixed and as soon as i find a good one ill be back on this to recommend it to everyone. I hop this gets fixed
Recently it seems like Pandora only plays the same previously liked songs over and over again, even on other stations. Big Mama Thornton on the Christmas station? Really? Or it plays songs that don't sound remotely like the ones i have liked, which causes me to thumbs down, so the station only plays the ones I did like. Also, so coked with ads it's barely usable half the time. Too many ads Poor variety
While not having the largest volume of individual songs, each of my different genre channels have plenty of variety and are always perfect matches for my mood.   The recent software update that puts ads front and center and the album cover on the bottom right is greatly appreciated. It gives a larger hit box by tapping in the album image to close the ad.
I love pandora. I've used it for so many years and the variety is great for each playlist. The only downfall is that the new updates seems to take away my controls to skip or pause a song from my drop down menu. That was one of the features that is very important to me. Now I have to leave whatever I'm doing to physically go into the app to pause or anything. Please, please fix this.
I love this app, and I listen to it a lot because it has all my favorite songs. But I've noticed that a lot more ads pop up on the mobile version than on the desktop version. If you could limit the number of ads on the mobile app that'd be great! Also, and I'm not sure if this is a Pandora or Google thing, whenever I say, "Ok Google, play my Stevie Wonder station", have it play the station I already already have, not create a new one.
Yes hay lắm
This is awesome 😎😎
nice app
Excellent & reliable
this apps is so useful
T.N.P
I love it. Really working.
nan
good
Great app with great potential if it wasn't for them being money hungry butt pirates. I can understand free apps need to make money, but if you're smart, you'll make it optional and not a necessity. Some levels can NOT be passed without skills or extra bubbles. I've tried passing the same lvl for 2 days now, and only got through when I got a free skill to use towards the end as my saving grace. Didn't matter how skilled or smart I was. Some levels are designed to be almost impossible to force you to spend money. Conclusion: If you want to bleed money into an app, then this is for you. Great graphics and from chapter 1-3 I had great fun.
Fun, and addictive!   Some really hard stages and I am loving the game!  Few bits as a suggestion...  Seems like there are no ways to earn gold bars except from buying them.  When you open the treasure box and get 5 lives there's no additonal ones i.e. I already have three and been given five...  I still only get maximum five.
Seems sync has been fixed. The sound is still cutting off. We need a regular message box. If I receive 12 lives, I don't want them all ... When I can only use 5. I'm sure you know this & have purposely done this so we would be more prone to buy lives. Blatant manipulation. Also the block the ghost thing is annoying. I understood the first 150 times.
This game was awesome. The problem started after the update. I updated my castle as much as possible and then the update came. I was excited to continue improving but I have updated the same viewing tower thing twice and it didn't actually update and took my potions. So now in barely have any and it says I haven't updated at all... also, since the update, the ball sometimes shoots as soon as I touch the screen even though I am not letting go to shoot it. Please fix this! I love this game and it sucks not being able to play.
OMG...so much fun and addictive.  Just wish the game had more options like offering 3 different bubbles to shoot and the ability to be switched. I do wish the game ran faster and didn't cost so much to play. That a real bummer, eventually you have to pay to play. Guess I won't be playing long?
Nit too long started.....but I can see it will only get harder. .....shame the level of difficulty cannot remain the same through out the game......Once you have used up loud bonus's. ....Not all of us can spend money to get them back......but the game is so much better
I like the game and I enjoy creating Stella's home. But I don't like it when several of the colored orbs release rapidly before I have aimed them. And the sound goes out after playing for a little while. Can you fix these issues, please?
Great app easy to use !
So far so good.
Love it
Great app
cool app
Great app
Love it.
Awesome
Love it
Vry bad...
Since the last 7 days I have been unable to access notifications via phone! I constantly get the black screen then it says Facebook is not working report! I've had over 40 error messages from trying to access! So I unistalled the BETA version thinking it was to do with that and it's still the same 😠 works fine on my comp but using android s6 phone...it's getting very frustrating especially running a business through fb, paying to advertise, quick enough to take money but what's the point continuing to do this when out and about and I can't retrieve notifications!!!
Terrible service from the past few days. Getting very irritating. Please improve your service.Facebook is not working at all the app is lagging
What's with this app? Upon opening it, it keeps crashing and a notification will ask if I have to close it since it's not responding and whenever I open it, it's the same. I can't open the app like before. I have to wait for 10mins or more not responding to that notification and it'll open. Annoying af 😡  Wtf. This is getting on my nerves. If only I can give a negative star if not zero. Darn. I was hoping this bug will be fixed but until now NO. So bye. Uninstalling.
Crashes on opening and when clicking notifications. Have to use web based app! - Samsung S6
Ffs @ all these people whinging about the beta, it is a beta for a reason... If you want 0 issues then leave the beta and use the normal app
Latest update is next to useless. Force closes every other time it opens. Notifications panel force closes app every time and messenger unstable too.
There is no friend request menu.... And when i open the app it starts randomly blinking. Wats wrong huh????
Latest version crashes non stop. Do you guys even see these reviews???
So. I really love using instagram. But since insta hve update their ig, i have lots of problem since then, like : i cant open my followers story, i cant even uplad my story. Before that, when i first use it, it was really good. But somehow it wont work like it use to do again. I really cant upload my story. And i really am hating this situation. I hve make a report but nothing seems to be fix. I've also reinsstall my instagram, and like i was expecting, it doesnt help either. Soo please fix my problem.
Can you please tell me why my instagram keeps following like 400 people per day?? Every time I go into instagram I follow more then 400 people when I only follow 80 people in total. I messaged you guys but nowhere been like 5 days & you guys still haven't replied. If you guys can please help me & tell me what's happening to my account because I'm really getting aggravated of unfollowing 400 people everyday & I'm about to just delete instagram. When you guys help me I give u 5 stars.
Pretty pathetic that when I'm told to report asshats being extremely degrading and Rasict ect I get the ban and the "posts" deleted but I've never had anything deleted just can't get on then when I do I have to go through the whole bs of Instagram logging me out and saying I did something wrong. Great job doing your job twatwaffles! ! Now I'm pissed as I was verbally attacked this morn and I report then I come back and get in my account for almost 8 hours then Instagram saying I did something wrong. Screw you!!
I'm using this app for a year now and it's quite good, much better than others social network platforms. I only have one problem, the ability to se what people you follow like is highly intrusive. It definitely effect the way people interact with other people content, it least in my case this is true. Can you at least give us option to choose if we want to share our likes with others?
There is just not enough features for photographers bar a few tired old filters. It appears that the only benefit of using instagram is its large audience otherwise the android app is boring with little for photographers. Seems they have had mission creep and have drifted from the original intention that built the large audience.
A suggestion- why don't you add a feature that will let us arrange the pictures of our profile they way we want them to be arrange.  Suppose we have uploaded many pictures of nature but after many gaps and intervals in between , so all the nature pictures are scattered. But we want some person viewing our profile to see the all the pictures together of nature. You can just add a feature by which we can drag the pictures we want them to be together
Videos just don't load unless I close out of the app several times and reopen. Eventually the video will load but it's so so annoying. Also it's incredibly easy to be scrolling and accidentally just have the left swipe camera tab open. Also very annoying. At least try to fix the video problem
Icon app is not nice?! please check (App Telegram) you send (All Files All videos size and Time All photos)  very late updates?                                         Please use.... The encrypted  combination  3072bit or 4096bit  RSA   and     384bit or 512bit SHA for maximum security. All messages are deleted from the server after delivery.  Thanks fixed and update  Tanks for All
Still no help from you guys after sending 3 e-mails for you to help me out. Im still not able to post video's to instagram, loads half way and stops. This has been happening for 5 months now and i used to post a video nearly everyweek! Its pathetic.
Lags a lot, always have to force close the app or it just shuts down itself. Freezes up. Uses way too much of my battery life. Camera quality is definitely different now. Poor pictures. The video recording lags and stutters, and sometimes it just goes black so I can't even look at it, only hear it. Some filters can't be recorded in a video, I can only take pictures with them. Also, androids don't get the same updates as iPhone users, or we get them late. Why? A lot needs to be fixed.
If you don't have to upgrade to the memories feature don't. Definitely not worth the hastle. I lost all of my family vacation photos thinking I was saving them and the memories feature failed. Horrible timing folks. Not happy. I'll continue posting to Facebook like a normal person. Super pissed.
The app is good and is my main social media outlet, however on my Samsung galaxy s7 about 3 to 4 times a day the app shuts down while in use and is extremely frustrating. I would have assumed that the app would function properly on a very popular flagship phone like the s7 but it does not. Its Great when it's  working but need to fix this
Great but since the new update I cannot upload pictures from my camera roll. Every time I try to edit or send the photo the app freezes then crashes. Yes I have tried turning it off and on again but it still doesn't want to work. Please help thanks.
Well I usually love this app, but like people said you guys are like a bunch of fifth grades trying to help the android side as well. Be a bit more useful because right now this app is complete trash. Deleting it until you guys grow some bigger balls and a better team that might be able to do something without completely breaking it.
Ok, i dont know if anyone else is having this problem. But, after the last update, i used a voice changing filter and i reforded me speaking, i played the video and my voice waant changed. It has done this before, and it annoys me so much. I want this fixed so i can actually enjoy the app. It has some cool features, but i would like to enjoy the sound of my voice changed.
I haven't been able to send any snaps, my filters won't work, and I can't even see stories anymore. This has been going on for over a week now. Can you guys please fix this?! This app is useless now.
Always something with this app.  If it's not broken don't fix it!  Used to be able to record video with filters or lenses just a month ago and now it tells me every time not supported on my device. Which is bs cause it did work before and my friend has the same exact phone model and everything and her record option works fine!! Wtf is the problem and why don't you fix it. Jeez!!
I like everything about the game. Im glad your character doesnt get lost when they die like fire emblem is known for. I just wished the arena swords refilled more than once a day. In order to rank up you have to spend orbs or get a refill from completing tasks. Thats wack. Make it a timer just like with stamina. Instead of 5 mins you could do every 30 or something
Its got amazing detail and decent story with great turn based combat.  The art design \ sound quality is above all other games on google store.  Gameplay is simple maybe a little to simple but great for mobile.  I must add the cut scenes also look great.  Not to mention on android it feels like it was tailor made for us.  It just all works perfectly and has the nintendo touch.  Check out our youtube channel for more "Gamer Today"
Though stripped back quite a bit, it is a very fun spin-off of the Fire Emblem games. Not much strategy to it like any other Fire Emblem games and the biggest complaint being it's energy bar. I expected the developers to pull this on a good free game like this, giving people either the option to wait hours for your energy (Stamina) to recharge or pay hard earned cash to recharge it immediately. Without the energy bar, it's a decent game to kill some time with.
I love the Fire Emblem series with all my heart -- so naturally, I love this app! :) If there were a few things that I could change, they would only be for aesthetic purposes; the app as a whole is great (though I've only had it a few hours and it has crashed 3 times. Not a big deal though, starts right back up each time). So overall -- great game! Really enjoying it.
Very polished, gameplay is true to the origional games. However for the last 2 days I have been unable to login beyond the start screen - the loading symbol just turns in a never ending loop. My other games and apps work fine and I deleted the cache and re-downloaded the assests twice - the download speed was quite fast, taking about 8 mins so internet speed shouldn't be a problem. I live in China - could this be an issue? I use a VPN for Google play but the game didn't need it to work previously.
I've played a few Fire Emblem games The Sacred Stones, Fire Emblem Awakening and Fire Emblem Fates. I was surprised many of the features were cut out at first by feautures I'm refering to quirks of the other Fire Emblem games. I love this game so far. I'm not disappointed in it and look forward to many fun times with this game. This game is very fun as it should be. To me a great game should be fun but as well as being fun it should have as much character as possible. This game pulls it off and then some. It made me happy as well so thank you Nintendo. I hope for many more Fire Emblem games to come.
I was not expecting this to be as good as it is. The game controls well with a little tweaking in the settings, and the economy seems like it won't punish anyone for choosing to grind vs pay for orbs.   As one of Nintendo's first forays into the smartphone market, it definitely still has the polish they're known for, and I'm excited to lose countless hours of my future in this game.   Oh but make sure you have wifi or a great 4G data plan before you go too ham.
I'm not a big fan of tactical games like this, and I've never really played a Fire Emblem game before, but I'm hooked on this game. I got it the day it came out and I cannot put it down. The idea is simple but it makes for a great time waster. It's a great game for anyone who has a couple minutes and wants a fun little challenge/battle. I recommend this so anyone who's a Nintendo fan and loves tactical games like this.
So I started out the game and got past the tutorial. And everything was going pretty swell and the game was running smoothly. My concern at the moment is that for some reason when I download the extra 400 mb it pretty much goes all the way up to 89% before just stopping completely.  It then usually proceeds to give me an error message and notifies me to retry the download again, but to no avail. Any fixes?
Physics is nothing like a real pool game. It would be a cool game but the timer completely ruins the entire game. I understand having a small-timer per shot to keep the game moving but the way it works it gives you a specific amount of time for the entire game to shoot. I was ahead and on the 8 ball with 4 seconds left to shoot when the time ran out I lost the tournament. That's completely ridiculous.
I have but one minor complaint. The coins, it would be awesome to receive more than 15 or 35 coins for watching a video.... However, I absolutely love the fact that I can challenge my husband and other Facebook friends instead of just being randomly paired off with strangers.
It's really a good game. 2 things I don't like. First, you need to sort your wireless out if you are going to play it. The game doesn't handle slow network connections well at all. Second, the games are too short. Most of it is just one frame and it can be over before you get a chance - so there is too much that is down to luck.
Very fun and yet addicting. I love the game play for the most part but please give more money to play with. Couple bucks and 25 coins to play with doesn't go very far and the free coins don't help either. Leveling up could be better too. Also, what is up with buying cues and being charged extra to "recharge" them? This has potential as being a 5star rated game if these issues are fixed.
The game itself is awesome and I have very little complaints about the gameplay, however, around 6:30pm today the game just wouldn't connect and it prompted me that my connection had been dropped. I haven't been able to get on the game since. Sometimes it will load me into the menu but immediately start connecting again. I even tried restarting my phone and uninstall and reinstalling the game so it's definitely not my phone. What a shame. I just got this game yesterday and I was loving it.
Best pool game ever. It's almost better than most real world pool tables in physics. Collecting all the cues may not be your goal(I have too many never been used).  but you must choose one affordable cue and advanced to better cue. Spend the money to get legendary cues. Cost of battery on legendary cues are free unlike others that cost arms and legs. Plus you'll get refunds for however many legendary cues you possess X 5%. 10 legendary cues will only cost you half the bet.
It's fun, addicting, user friendly, and I get to hang out and put a beating on friends I have scattered throughout the Country. If I could add/change anything, I would add the option of a chat box to allow chat during game play. Or maybe instead of only being able to purchase pre-selected remarks, I'd like the option to make up my own, you know? Set a character limit , and banned words to keep it somewhat respectable, and be allowed to purchase the option of creating my own. @ .50 cash it would increase rev
I've been listening to Pandora for . . . I'm not sure how long, but it's been a few years. I enjoy being able to personalize my listening. An added bonus is Pandora giving me artist similar to the ones I select. But, there was one thing I didn't like; the ads. I put up with the ads for a while but it got the best of me. I finally decided to go ad free and it's worth it. Now I wish that other service would stop calling. Serius-ly.  😉
I love this app although you can't look up a particular song. It only gives you similar songs, although you might get lucky and your song will play on the station. Also there's too many adds. They do this because they are trying to make you want to pay money for no commercials.
I love it! Does not lag at all for me! It has all sorts of varieties of music and you do not have to pay to keep listening! It has some ads but very few only one every 10 or more songs or so. I suggest getting this app because it is one of the best music apps I have ever used! You don't download from this app but you can listen. All you need is your google or Facebook account to register for Pandora. The reason it has in app purchases is because you can purchase albums. There are stations for rap,hip hop, christian, gospel, country, jazz ,and all the music you have ever wanted to hear! Download now! Best app ever you will not regret it! It does require WiFi to listen though.
I love Pandora Plus! I was really happy that you provided my most listened to stations to be able to be played in offline mode. HOWEVER, the app updated today and now all the offline stations were erased and I can't seem to find a way to get them to download again. Please fix the issue. Listening offline really has helped with keeping my data usage under control.
I would love an option in the app to not play radio edits and live versions. I don't think radio edits and all other versions of a song are the same and shouldn't all be thumbed up when one version is thumbed up.  Other than that I feel it is worth the monthly fee to not have adds but should also have unlimited skips not just more.  Overall a good music streamer though.
if I'm not on the Pandora screen while it is playing music it either skips my song or stops playing the music all together. it used to be fine but it started doing that out of no where. fix this and I'll give a better rating. UPDATE: It's been awhile since my last comment and it still skips my songs. fix this damn bug please. as I type this it is skipping my songs. eff you pandora
Are you an advertising service or a music service? Because I honestly can't tell. I understand you want people to go for the paid service, but 1-2 ads after EVERY single song? That doesn't make me want to give you money, it makes me want to uninstall the whole thing. But I'm just one person and I know it won't matter.
If I've stopped or paused Pandora but left open in background, especially for extended time periods,  then the alarm won't activate or play a music station.   Thumbprint literally plays the last station I thumbed up over and over. I have to go to a different station and thumbs up songs to get it to stop. A better idea would be to allow users to group stations into customizable categories. For example, a study, workout, traveling, etc category.
Great
Better Better
Have been facing major issues with 'powerful clean' option. Used to love your app till this feature refused to work on my phone since the last three months. Have lost count of how many times I have uninstalled and reinstalled it hoping that it'll work fine at least this time. And I am facing this issue on both of my phones. It works fine the first time after reinstalling. But that's it. I don't know if any other users are facing this issue...  Would appreciate if you can help me by sorting this out. Because when this feature doesn't work, my phones really slow down.   Except for this, your app is great!
This is a great app because it actually WORKS!!  I have a Samsung On5 and for some reason I always end up with storage issues. So before using this app I had only 6.65 storage filled out of 8.00 now I know that's not a lot but it usually works for my phone after using this... I have 5.45 storage field out of 8.00. I am very thankful for your service this is a great app hopefully it will work later on
I installed this to get rid of junk that was taking up space on my phone. It worked great the first time, but I noticed that subsequent to that first use it offers to get rid of the same amount of junk files that it got rid of yesterday. I really don't see how I accumulated another 200 MB of junk on my phone in a day. It claims to accomplish this task, but I don't see any difference in the system info. This app might be good to use one time, but it keeps on offering to lock apps and do all sorts of things I don't need. A good cleaner app is what I wanted, not all of this other stuff.
Great to wipe junk files. You'd be surprised how many and how quickly they add up with each app. I had thousands of tiny extra crap files that added up to almost a full GB! Best part was not sorting through what to delete. One click and done. Only deleted junk, nothing important.  For free, this is 5 stars all day. Saves you so much time from manually clearing junk.
I Just want to give my Cm cleaner app a big applause. Cm cleaner is really cool. I didn't know that CM cleaner can start on its own even hidden with other apps. (i swipe) is really stunning. I mean it's good in terms of style and quality. I've never seen such a precious thing like (iswipe) I love it. Especially this one which features Moon and Stars.
Good at cleaning and all that jazz although it asked to be turned on in the setting. Which it then states that if I agree then it has permissions for what sounds just crazy for it to need permission for most of the files and what not on my computer...I guess I am asking if this is the unusual? Or if I should jus sign over my soul no questions asked lol
So far it is working great. It alerts me about problems right away. I hope it continues. I have used it on each phone upgrade and glad I did. It is keeping my phone clean, running fast and has even helped me with managing apps, files,photos and all around helpful. Almost like a personal assistant. Thank you CM!
I love the app and the bitmojis. Love that they are always adding new ones. My only comment is that there are several bitmojis I know I'll never use and some that I really like are lost in between them so when I want a specific one I can never find it. The search function helps but sometimes I just don't remember they are even available. It would be nice if I could reorganize the bitmojis within each tab so I can put the ones I think I would use more towards the top and the others down on the page.
Just as irritating as the previous ones, whats the point in levels so difficult unless money is spent on the game. Only on level 154 will be uninstalling shortly as I just want a game that will pass the time, not one that I want to throw my phone!
OK but you will definitely get to a point where the levels get hard it will be impossible to process without making purchases.  Doesn't require any skill to shoot the bubbles as you can just press on your screen.  Better games out there with similar concepts
Good game to kill time! 😉 About the sound~ I really liked the sound and music whenever I play BW3. Sound really affects my mood/energy during the game. I noticed that the sound (sometimes) turns off in the middle of the game especially after I use the bonus bubble. I go to the settings (in the middle of the game) then I switch the sound off ➡ on then the sound would come back to normal. It's the same with my mother's phone. I think it's a super duper minor problem but I hope you'll fix it! Thank you! 😍❤
There's an unbearable buzzing sound that's loud and insufferable that really ruins the entire game! I can't even finish level 2! Uninstalling the game. What a shame too, the rest of the game is perfectly enjoyable but that buzz is just a huge turn-off. Sorry. :(
Game is great enjoying greatly. One thing though why aren't you all making it easier to get coins?  And the fairy after revamping area does she give only one reward over and over? Might want to make it more variety.
The game starts getting unnecessarily hard after a certain level, and I'm starting to get tired of it. And I'm only on level 163. It's probably made like this to force you to pay money. It was really fun up to a certain level.
Very pretty, levels are fun, great update from the previous version. Would play it constantly, BUT! And this is kind of important, the constant screen vibrations are very distracting and after a while make me sick to my stomach. Totally unnecessary to the prettiness or gameplay. You don't have to get rid of all of them but tone it down PLEASE!!!
Installed and uninstalled 3 times and hasn't worked and crashed my phone and had to reboot it all 3 times trying one last time...... Tryed again and it made all my games and apps chrash and stop working uninstalled
Nice
Nice
Awesome
I really hate, I'm trying to play a movie in show box and it keeps turning off my phone. I tried deleting it but it won't let me so I guess I'm stuck with it forever. I know I have to go to settings, but all it tell me is unfortunately settings has stopped it's really stupid
I use this on my phone. I did have it at 5 stars but every time i try to open an article the sign shows up that my phone has viruses. I use the virus cleaner and nope no viruses!! WTH??? Fix that please. Either my phone is infected or it isn't. Which one?
It's a SCAM!!!! PLEASE, DO NOT GET THIS!!!!!! you get it, and then your Facebook and Messenger gets hacked. All of your private  information becomes public . You go to remove the program, and  they make it to where it's  almost impossible . So let's blow this rating thing up. Make sure NOBODY downloads this. It also drains your battery.
Thank god for u dfender i was in danger of having my phone taken over by viruses yall cleared them and cleaned junk without ease no other virus app worked as good as yall
I started getting pop up, that said the only way to fix was to install this app. It is installed and I get the same pop ups. Pure scam in my opinion
After the last update app fails constantly , can't scroll, can't check my notifications, nothing.
Notification crash every time & new feeds crash some times on my Nexus 5 after the new update
There is an issue with the notification In the beta version. Please do fix it. Thanks in advance.
Current version crashes whenever I look at notifications in the app.
Leave beta programme to see notification, bad update
very bad update I can't see my notifications
Reported over 20 times that it won't show notifications. It says it's not responding and closes the app! This needs to be fixed!!
The app crashes all the fking time whenever i click on the notification!!!!...
It's like a p... Always unfortunately stopped working
Hate the algorithm of top instas first... Don't decide for me which instas I want to see... There's a reason why I follow who I follow. CHANGE BACK TO CHRONOLOGICAL ORDER!!!!!!   Update: videos and stories are getting slower and slower to load. Very irritating!                                    Feb 10th: wow.. Got even slower. Most stories won't even load. I'm not the only one with these complaints.. FIX THIS
Ok so I have a problem and I see other people do too. I haven't been able to get into one of my accounts in a LONG time. I have shut off my phone, reloaded my account, and have uninstalled and installed repeatedly. I don't know what to do. I can see others with the same problem. I think you should fix it. All my other accounts work. It's not my internet. Please help. @sufisefordays
I like the app, it's a good place to post news and other things that have to do with my team and what we do. But the glitch where videos stop playing after 2 weeks of being on the page needs to be fixed. You upload it and 2 weeks later the videos don't work anymore. Its an annoying glich when you are a video game or sports page.
Instagram is pretty good but lately I haven't been able to load or play videos. It also sometimes won't load a person's account if I try to click on it, it'll just say loading and nothing pops up. That's the only thing that needs fixing in my opinion.
Thanks for the update though I still need time to load my feed. Only some of them appeared.  It doesn't have to do with my provider connection. Other apps work fine. And one more thing, lately it gets harder to add location.
Please help fix issues coming from watching"Discovery" videos/snaps/stories. It used to be that the app almost never crashed, then over time the Discovery stories caused the app to crash when trying to open up a video/slide up for more info. Now it's at the point where I can't even watch all the videos on one section of a Discovery Story without the app crashing. Please fix soon as I love using this app. As many people do.
2/10 - App has improved bringing back the scrunch face with voice altering... Hey .... where did the voice altering deer go?       1/31 - This was a super fun app until they took away 2 too favs super sad face with voice alter and the scrunch face with voice altering.  Now I just don't see the fun in the app.  Please bring them Back! PLEASE😲
Video problems  I love the app however I have a small issue with mine. It started off when I updated my application. Once I load my friends snap stories, the videos get messed up. Half the screen is delayed to the other half making it almost impossible to watch a snap story. Hope snapchat will do something to correct this issue.
Could be better if snaps and chats were not " instantly deleated." i understand that's what snapchat is about, but this feature still bugs me... It also deleated my profile pic several times and continues to do so
Its alright I guess but sometimes it lags and crashes your phone. Other than that I think the app is great. I use it alot and so does my friends. I really like the filter part. I wish that when you want to video chat somebody or call somebody u can go out as in go out and check peoples story while your video chatting or can text someone else while video chatting. Other than that I really like snap chat❤
An update started making my camera click every time I opened/viewed a snap/story. Like a shutter. Now my camera itself squeals and whines which vibrates camera and doesn't give a clear image. Good app but cannot use anymore
I like Snapchat, but for the past month it won't let me call or video call anyone. It says it is unavailable.  Plus it's been freezing & force closing. It use to work so well. Please please please fix these problems!!!! I'm an Android user. If that makes any differents
Doesn't work well.Samsung Rugby LTE SGH-I547C Now using Pixel. App keeps dropping my chats before I can hit send. Frustrating when typing anything long. Apparently, this is a common issue. Nice app team, don't stop now!
The game is AMAZING especially if you're already a fire emblem fan. Some of the characters details aren't that great but those are usually 3 stars and below. Also to unlink an account, delete the info in account management. The music is also aamazong I'm happy to see they did not skimp on production quality with this game. Keep up.the great work Nintendo. PLEASE keep the updates coming with this game as we would love far more content!
Great game, works perfectly really rewarding to play and a great selection of heroes. Most of the new artwork is cool and the mobile friendly gameplay works really well. My only gripe is orbs are way too expensive. The smallest amount of orbs you can buy isn't even enough to summon one hero and costs twice as much as I would deem reasonable. Still for the time being the game feels playable as a free to play and the starting amount of easy to get orbs gets you plenty of heroes. Just always save up to 20 before you summon.
The gameplay is great although I wish the Luck & Skill stats were included and Magic users should have had a magic stat instead of attack stat. Also if the price for orbs was lower people would buy more frequently but they aye a bit pricey.  As a long time Fire Emblem fan I think it was still very enjoyable.
Pretty much the perfect Fire Emblem mobile game. Has everything you want from a free to play app right down to the lack of micro transactions ( they exist within the game but it doesn't shove them down your throat nor do you need them to progress through the story or the arena). Linking to a Nintendo account is a must! Definitely 10/10.
If you love Fire Emblem,  then this is one title you don't want to miss out on. If you've played past Fire Emblem games,  the gameplay will immediately feel familiar to you.   Progression is surprisingly generous;  as you're steadily drip fed orbs and other in-game items. It certainly isn't pay-to-win, but even the micro-transactions aren't crazily expensive if you choose to use them.   All in all great mobile game,  a lot of mobile game developers need to learn a thing or two from Nintendo. 5 Stars all around.
So far this game is amazing. Love how it still has that fire emblem feel. Only wish it was more in depth and had deeper combat. Seems like tiny maps and only 4 people might get old. Controls are great and nintendo killed the mobile aspect. Hope updates will add more and keep it fresh. Just pulled my first 5 star! Cant wait to see who else i can get. Hoping for a 5 star tiki lol
This is a great adaptation of Fire Emblem for a mobile game. My only complaint is teams are 4 person. An 8 person or even 6 person team mode would be greatly appreciated to allow for deeper strategy.   The freemium model doesn't seem outrageous at this point (only concerning thing is stamina, limiting how long you can play). You are definitely getting a very high quality freemium mobile game here
Im only rating it a 4 because the daily spin wheel gives me the same coins everytime i use it and same with the scratchers, for the Daily spin i always get 250 coins and its been that way for over 30 days of playing. I would like it if they could change their system they use for the wheel spin and the scratchers. Other than that its a great pool game love it, and also some of the cues cost to much to recharge so I want that changed, and the boxes give you duplicate parts, that shouldnt be able to happen.
A great little time-killer for those who love a good head-to-head challenge on pool! The only improvement I could suggest would be a "down-the-cue" 1st-person view to check your aim before a shot... I had to take away 1 star due to the constant barrage of "entitled brat" aimbot users. EVERY time I encounter a cheat user, be warned: I will report you EVERY time to support... I know an aimbotter when I see one. You'd better hope you're not using your aimbot if you come across me in a game. heh.
Unsecure if you don't create a mini clip profile or log in with Facebook. I keep getting my profile stolen because I didn't log in with FB or mini clip. But I love the Game! I do wish that we the players could elevate the cues for some extra "Magic" 😉 to make that cue ball Dance and Mesmerize your opponent's lol. I would have give a 5 star if I hadn't had my profile stolen. I recommend This to everyone who likes Pool. It really is amazing how good miniclip did with creating such a great App!
I really enjoy this game, the physics are very realistic.  The only thing I can complain about is that there is no free play, you have to "anty" a wager of coins for each game, and even just to practice with no Comp. Player you have to pay 25 coins (which is same price as lowest wager real 1v1 game). Other than that, over all must-have.
I won 25000 on the spin game and it would not award it. The game closed and restarted still without awarding my winnings. Also if u watch the commercials it doesn't always award the coins for that. There's absolutely no way I would ever participate in the "more" section of free coins. I'm certain it wouldn't award those coins either. Its a lot more fun to play a game that fair and doesn't cheat.
Another "freemium" game. At first, this game is fun while you're winning on your first few logins. Afterwards, it is non-stop losses and watching impossible shots by others. Whilst, you can't make even pocket one shot while aiming directly at the pocket. BUT, you can continue to play if you buy more coins with real currency. Steer clear!
TAKES MUCH TO LONG TO LEVEL UP.NEEDS TO BE SOUGHTED... SHOULD NOT HAVE TO CALL POCKETS ON 10,000 GAMES. TO MANY CHEATS ON 50,000+ GAMES. WOULD ALSO LIKE TO WATCH OTHER PEOPLES GAMES AND CHAT. APART FROM THAT...ITS A GREAT ONLINE GAME. THE FREE SPIN IS A CON. SPUN 350 TIMES AND NEVER GOT OVER 500 COINS.😨
It's a game with good interface and graphics, probably the best pool game I've played. The game doesn't connect sometimes at startup, it says Internet connection dropped we are reconnecting you to the game but my internet is good because I have broadband WiFi and none of my other apps or devices loose connection and I never get disconnected while playing .  UPDATE... downgraded to 3 stars, It hasn't connected for the last 30 minutes
Pandora has been one of the first and best music platforms, but recently has fallen short of its great reputation. Ads are the norm for apps these days and that's the smallest issue. The whole existence of this app is to enjoy music, however it's hard to do when songs are not loading and/or buffering; finished by the whole thing coming to a halt all together. These technical issues need some TLC because there are other platforms out there and they will win if these issues are not resolved.
Way too many ads and overlays, to the point where it is affecting program usability and stability. Just about every screen transition or button press has you bypassing an ad in some way. I understand the push for paid services, but I feel this has crossed a line. I actually didn't mind the previous ads, felt some to be relevant, and worth listening to for the amount I use this program. Now I'm lucky if I can even view the album art of what I'm listening to without an ad jumping in my way like it's trying to take a bullet, or even locking up the app.
Should have an option so that artists you dislike won't show up in your stations. When you change stations to see what song is on a different one the song shouldn't change just like on the computer it should be the same song that was currently playing. To many ads oh my goodness they pop up after every song and I'm not getting a membership because I have one with Amazon music...Other than those its a good app. Would also like to put on a profile picture without connecting to Facebook.
I've had Pandora forever now, at least that's how it seems. I use it to help me get to sleep at night. Love that I can have it shut off after a certain period of time. One gripe that I have with the content that Pandora has. Some of the tracks don't have titles. They'll just say the album they're from. This is the case with a lot of score albums. It would be great to know what song on the score I'm listening to so that I can go and find it later if I need to without relying on Shazam or something else like that.
A lot of people are complaining about songs constantly buffering but that is not the case with me,  it works great all the time so maybe for some people the problem is actually with their phone or wifi/data connection. What people need to remember is new phones come out every day and there could be compatibility issues,  that IS NOT Pandora's fault.    LGG3
90% ads, 10% music. Was once a great app for music, but now you might as well just be listening to a radio of just ads. Rarely plays songs you've liked and rarely pulls up songs by people who's music you have liked and it always plays music by people who's songs you've disliked. Was once great, but now, it's not worth the time. That is of course unless you pay money because that's all they care about at Pandora. Don't get.
I love this app, pretty much all my data is dumped onto this. Its super easy to use and has virtually every song besides a few gametracks. The only wish I have for ot, is that you can dislike an artist. I love all music but certain artists just kill my vibe.
I've tried this several times over the years and always end up uninstalling because my phones go slower. This app is full of so much of its own junk and ram eating operations that even typing this is dogged by lagging. You can stick this wherever you like, but not in my phone.
Have anybody checked the phone memory after cleaning the so called "Junks" with cleanmaster? It makes no deference. And the only proof that you have, for cleaning and the amount of junk accumulation, is the animation shown in the app. Think about it and dont get fooled. It simply show a "tick" mark when you press clean button.  Too many ads. It is actually "Admaster". The junk or ram cleaned by this app will be utilized by the ads and other animations. And among ads, some are not genuine and that makes it suspicious.
This is the best app I have seen so far for cleaning out your phone.  I can download so much more stuff now. It gets rid of all the junk I'm not aware of. Before this I could only download a few games (rolling sky and white tiles) and social media apps (musically and Instagram) I couldn't find other apps as good as this thank u.
The application didn't clean all the junk from my phone (I've enabled everything that the application was asking for). In fact, other application that I used right after Clean Master cleaned additional 2 gigabyte of data. It has way too much of redundant content and aggressive advertising. Uninstalled.
Its a great app! Always stays up to date. It keeps my phone clear of viruses and lets me know if it thinks I might have one. Also does a great junk clean of usable space. I love all the CM (Cheetah Mobile) apps. I have most of them! Lol 😉😉😉
It completely disables my notifications. I'll be texting someone on Instagram but I don't realize they texted me back an hour ago because it didn't notify me. Before I had this app installed, everything worked fine. Please reply to me if there IS a way to keep my notifications
This is a really bad app it just wastes battery life, and it changes everything about your phone like when you put passwords on anyone can just get into your phone because there is glitches. The anti virus doesn't delete any viruses it just deletes your chrome search history. The only reason I use it is for clearing junk files for extra space
I am having to update my review not for the good. I love all the neat tools it has and ways to free up memory. I was, however, wondering why my phone battery was draining so fast and realized it started happening I installed this app. When I check battery usage details this app; three days in a row ranked No. 1 on battery depletion using 35% of the battery utilization. Don't matter how well it clears my memory and cools my cpu if it depletes my battery 4 times faster than without the application. Used to only have to charge my phone once a day; now 4-5 times a day. I have the LG K10. If you can fix this issue I would love to install it again, but for now I am uninstallin the app
I love the app and all is quirky responses.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 is because it doesn't offer many options for African American natural hair styles. Would have been nice to choose from more curly, kinky hair, and twist outs, and locs other than the one long haired loc choice or one afro available.
I am only upset with a few things. And I also have some suggestions. I have NF1 and would like a feature to add a bunch of freckles because I have a ton. It'd also be nice if there was makeup and dresses and stuff for boys along with suits and just general guy stuff for women. I'd love it of there was an option to maybe customize clothes? Like make your own? That sounds cool..but other wise I love it 4.9/10
I really liked creating my Bitmoji. They are fun to use, but annoying to share, especially with group threads. I tried using the Bitmoji keyboard, hoping it would send directly to the thread. However, once I chose the Bitmoji I still had to manually  type in the recipients even though I was literally still looking at my group thread. I know the app is much easier to use on IOS. This app needs an update for its keyboard and sharing. If the Bitmoji keyboard is being used in a messaging thread, I should not have to input recipients in order to send it. The app would be 5 stars if sharing was easier and more convenient
Loved to use this app and used to be able to sign into my bitmoji through Facebook and now it will not let me sign in Facebook after I had to switch cell phones. There is no help button to click on and I really don't want to setup a separate email and password and I don't use snapchst..bitmoji needs to fix it so I can sign through my Facebook again! Not happy. That is what is keeping me from using the app
Honestly love this app, super cute and funny and there really is a bitmoji for almost everything. Some are so weird but I love those too. I love how two bitmojis will appear together when I use them with a friend who had the app on snapchat, but I wish I could use the multiple avatar bitmojis on other mediums. That's my only complaint and reason for 4 stars instead of 5!
Ok, so this app is fantastic. Like really really great idea in terms of changing the way people would start communicating with each other. Two things improvements for future patches. 1. Including more day to day lingo/slang (which may mean either being able to edit how your avatar appears on a background, with provisions of course) 2. Animating the avart, i.e. turning the avatar into a gif. :) great job though!!
I am so glad my daughter told me where to find you!  To show you how much I love this could you please add 1 with a red Doberman for "I'm up" (the in bed one)?  I have 2 in my face every morning.  I do believe all the breeds would be popular. There is one criticism.  In this day and and age we don't need bullying ones -  dum dum is one.
From the outset..it's a Bubble Witch game. But the developers have put in new twists and turns. Enough to make it the best in the series so far and easely recomended for Bubble Popping fans 🤗. Just mentioning. .from level 125 and onward it gets too much grinding and work..and less fun.
Not as good as BW 2. Navigation is terrible. Trying to quit takes multiple steps to get back to menu and tap yes. It's really annoying when you want to quit a level or the app. Too easy to tap wrong thing around shooter because it's too crowded there.
One word, addictive! I've played many puzzle games and end up deleting them because they're boring, the graphics are terrible, or they don't make sense. This game is the total opposite! I've even got my girlfriend playing it, and she HATES puzzle games. 5 out 5 starts for sure!! 🙂
Better than the previous version. Or so I thought until you get past the intro levels. Now it changes bubble colors and the aim is not accurate so you have to buy boosts to get past levels. What's worse yet... you shoot a bubble and it disappears when it lands so you loose the game unless you buy extra bubbles.
This new game has some new features that are pretty cool.  I would love to have the same option to win more power ups/gold as in the second game in the world challenge.  This game begins to get difficult in the 40's and worth it :)
No customer support. You can only sign up to ask a question if you use facebook. No way to correct game glitches thst prevent users from advancing.  All in all, garbage user experience.
Good game. Needs a little tweaking. Sound comes & goes,  it's a little odd with fuzzy moments & when I reboot it, the music comes back on, then fades out. When you play the ghost part, his voice does this also, just for an example. It is a fun & pretty game though, with challenging puzzles.
Wow..caught a few really nasty viruses and malicious malware so now its my new BFF.
It pretty good so far but I still ads pop up on my main screen
It's a great app to keep your phone safe and clean I really like it
So far in the last hour my phone has performed way better
It works ok. Just slow.
Not working properly on new mi note 4
Latest version crashed non-stop Everytime..
This app keeps crashing everytime I open it
always crash when open notification. Pls fix it asap.
I love the app but after the lst update i have alot of problems with it
Keeps crashing and freezing please fix
Unable to see notifications since yesterday
Notifications crashes app 100℅ of the time!!!!
What happened to the Marketplace Icon, it's gone after this update.
I love instagram it's great but all I want is that I can see all the comments I've said. Because I've had instagram for time now and I forgot a lot of comments I've said and I'd like to delete them from photos and videos I'd said them on but I can't cause I don't know what I said them on. I would also like if you liked a photo but then you don't follow the person anymore so you can't see and unlike that photo. I'd like to be able to see the photos to be able to unlike them. Please please please look into this instagram
Many are fake followers. They'll simply follow everyone & wait for follow back, the moment you follow back, they unfollow. From then on they'll spam their products or sell off the account to some startup companies. This app doesn't have a function to check if any of your followers have unfollowed you. Better call it spamgram
I came home after a 7 hour work shift to see my account disabled. I get it if you disable accounts that violate your guidelines but I haven't posted anything or commented in months. Maybe even give an option to see why your account was deactivated? Show the offensive picture or comment? Really poor way to handle things. It also takes ages to  get a response to an appeal. This is why people are ditching Instagram and Facebook for Snapchat
I wish i could edit the "top picks for you". I have no interests in Horseman ship, makeup tutorials, etc. It annoys me a lot seeing things i dont like in my Explore page and I can't control that. Please fix
The Instagram can't update, and I don't know why!  For some reason this app can't update to the newest one, where Live was added and when the Profile button changed? Have you heard a lot about these problems and if you know the solution please respond, I already reported the problem on Instagram and I still didn't get a respond message, so please help.
Instagram was A LOT better until Facebook bought it out. Now there's ads everywhere. I went to instagram to try and showcase my work that I have since the platform is easier than most to just simply look at photos. But this entire ad thing every few photos is ridiculous. Of stuff I don't even want to see. That's why I chose this over facebook. It was easier to see what I wanted to see and easier to not see things I don't want. But Zuckerbergs greed has taken over.
It was great but ever since the new update my account won't work, it will not load and says there is an error. I did some research on how to fix it, restarted my phone, disconnected and reconnected my internet and even deleted the app from my phone and reinstalled it, but none of these made a difference. I had to make a new account because of this but the app still freezes and it is affecting the rest of my phone. The customer service is horrible!! I have made several complaints about these issues and they have made no effort to solve the problems
Love instagram, but the pages always posting shout outs of pages i have no interest in, if you guys can post stuff to peoples timeline that is based off of the users likes then that would be much better. For example, i love moded cars, trucks, motorcycles, and anything automotive really, but i get all these pages shouting out stuff like "how to get a bigeger booty" or "how to grow your hair 4 inches in a week". I have no need for a bigger butt or longer hair, i just wanna see trucks do burnouts and drag cars flyin down a 1/4 mile track.
It's been good so far, but for the past couple of updates, my memories aren't backing up and I keep getting a back up error. I try to find ways to fix it but nothing has worked. Everyone tells me to log off and log back in but I always get a warning saying my snaps might delete and I don't wanna take that chance. I've been saving stuff to my phones storage but I can't keep it up all the time since I want to save space. I would really love to know how to fix my backup problem.
I think it's disgusting how liberal the creators of this app are. It's one thing to express your opinions, but it's another to constantly trash Trump and others bc of their party on the newsfeeds. Yall are hypocrites for trashing Trump, but getting mad when anyone says anything bad about Obama. Otherwise, great app.
I'm really disappointed with this app. Past versions have been a little wonky but this past update is by far the worst one... I can't ever look through my memories past January it ends up freezing and shutting down the app. I can't message a friend with out it freezing and shutting down. I don't know if anyone is having a similar problem but it really needs to be fixed because I'm just about ready to delete snap :/
Works great, app has many features. Good publicity, you won't be the only one with it. Variety of filters, and fun Easter eggs. But after using it on Samsung On5, the camera went dark. It works just fine on Instagram and the camera app, but on Snapchat, the picture is dark and has static lines going through it, going to reinstall and see if it helps.
Snapchat destroys battery life, and is nothing but liberal propaganda. If you look at the stories, it's all either trump hating, iphones, or "here's why white people are bad". Not a day goes by where I don't see a "trumps bad because he says mean words" story. So if you're someone who doesn't want to suck off hillary Clinton, this app isn't for you
Yall dope or whatever but why my pics I upload from my camera roll got to be sideways?? Then yall font even have the option to turn the pic around. Major fail. Update that please.
Game is not bad. Not much to do right now. But i am sure they will add new content. Got 2 5 stars lucky pulls. Without them game would be hard. Takes a lot of stamina to progress to next level, they could reduce it to be honest. You can only battle once a day in arena, or use resources to continue. Its a good game overall. Its defintely a grinding game with slow progress. So dont expect to fly through levels unless you got 5 star characters.
I love fire emblem and so far, this game is amazing. When I saw the stamina bar I thought I would get ten minutes of gameplay and have to wait an hour. But I can get tons of gameplay with a full bar. Being able to summon past characters is good if you want a good new hero fast. Good job to Nintendo for bringing a great series to mobile, and doing it we'll.
Great for a quick Fire Emblem fix on the go. The story doesn't have the most engaging plot, but it serves its purpose. This game is extremely streamlined, so don't expect the level of depth usually associated with the core entries in the series. There is a fair amount of depth, but keep in mind that it's a freemium title meant to apeal to the casual gamer as well. If I could add anything to this game, it would be: the ability to create/rename a character, and definitely the ability to raise the stamina cap permenantly. Overall, as a free download, you owe it to yourself try it out if you're a fan of the genre.
Just about everything is amazing. And I love that it is English voiced too. A refreshing step away from the dozens of other games out there. I wish there was more like this. Getting orbs isn't impossibly hard, and decently priced in shop. The only suggestion I'd have is an alternative way to earn them, by watching advertisements or something. But, not necessary at the moment.  Keep up the good work.
I enjoy the game play. I don't have a single Fire Emblem game from any console or device, but my friends do. Read an article in a nationally and internationally recognized finance publication and was swayed to download. You don't need any background about the game but would really help and add an element of enjoyment if you do!  This game is addicting and with any grind out game app, there's opportunity to fed a habit with real money. Haven't done so yet, but it's quite enjoyable to play. Would recommend.
Long time Fire Emblem fan. And for being a mobile game, this one surpassed my expectations. Compared to other games of the series, the maps are short and simple to get used to.   Gameplay is great with controls being simple. Artwork and design is amazing as well. Featured music from old games.  It is getting very addicting, currently running a Chrom, Virion, Camille, and Peri team. Destroying maps quickly.   I'd rate it higher if I could. For a mobile game, it is a great try if you are into the series or not.
As a big Fire Emblem fan, I really enjoy this app. The gameplay is smooth, the controls are easy to handle, the music is great, and the art is aesthetically pleasing. Compared to other game apps involving collecting characters, this game seems to be more satisfying in regards to obtaining stronger characters. I also love the option to change the language to Japanese so I can enjoy the original voice acting. However, this game does lack a lot of features that the other Fire Emblem games have, but that's reasonable, considering this is just a mobile app. Overall, like all Fire Emblem games, this one is addicting!
First off, I want to say it is an absolutely amazing game, thank you so much for making it. However, when I first got it, I summoned my favorite character, Lyn, as a 5-star focus. I couldn't find my NNID credentials but I wasn't planning on losing my things anyway. A few days ago, I got a connection error that wouldn't let me go to the title screen or anywhere else on the app. All I could do was try and reinstall, making me lose all of my characters and experience and progress in the game. Now I have more good characters as it fixed when I reinstalled but the error is happening again. Please fix this, Nintendo and Co., I really just want to get my Lyn back.
Very fun. The gameplay is straightforward and easy to pick up, but provides a satisfying level of depth. Leveling up heroes is a bit grindy, but that's expected for this kind of game. My one real gripe is that there's no way to edit your team comp from the mission select screen, requiring you to exit all the way back out to a completely separate menu.
I love the live game but lately during my "Live Play Tournament" i regularly faced a very shot time during my final finishing black ball resulting I lost the game in final. Hopefully be fare so that we could finish properly. Kindly take note on this seriuosly. I hereby need to complain seriously to the admin of this game that lately I faced a serious matter which I reguarly loose due to a very short time given during my turn which is less than 5 seconds. This opportunity gave my opponent a win. Not fare.
Six day straight I have been unable to claim my free spins prizes. Game keeps dropping connection when I'm right by my modem. I'm truly sick of it, can't blame my internet, so please fix this issue, and I want my spins back please. I do like the game and enjoy playing it. It is worth more than a five star review but for my max rating to increase I want my spins please and thank you for making an enjoyable game.
I really enjoy this game, it's a real beauty. For those people who are complaining about not being able to make the coins without purchasing them, tip try winning!!  I have recently finished in the top 10000 in the happy holidays tournament and I was awarded a ring but it doesn't show on my profile, it shows in achievements but not the rings??? Also it would be much better to have a chat box instead of the current remarks.
I'm a beginner with Rank 5. Shouldn't my opponents be of my rank? I don't know why I'm chosen to play someone twice my rank! Why do I always win 50 or 75 0r 100 0r 150 or 250 after every spin! Let me share some short expressions below for chat, they are not offensive. 1. Hello Sir! 2. You are better! 3. Hello beautiful! 4. That's the way to play! 5. It was a very good game!
I love this game I play it every day but it won't let e put my pic on there and I don't have a face book so how do u put ur own pic on there make it where I can I'll give it 5 Stars well now it's starting to freeze  and I love this game plz fix both  and I'll give 5 stars ok and I downloaded a game to get free coins for the pool game and it didn't give them to me plz fix or I will uninstall game from my phone I want my coins to plz thanks
The game overall is great. Highly addictive, and the 1 on 1 is very fun. The issues start when microtransactions appear but even those don't give much advantage over skilled players. The biggest issue I have so far is how unbalanced the tournament matches are. I am level 9 and I just "played" a tournament for about 30 seconds. During that time I didn't touch the cue ball once as my LEVEL EIGHTY OPPONENT sunk every ball in succession. Keep the tournament levels open to all but try and match players up better
To the technical department of this game.  I have a few things I would love answers to.  1st I want to start by saying outside my concerns I love this game.  My 1st issue is why don't they do not have a resolve for when the game has a glitch and force you to lose coins.  2nd why is it ok for a person ranked in their 50's to play a player in the 90's and up.  I have had to play players that were rank 194 in my 50's, but I have never played a player that is ranked half my rank.  I have lost millions of coins that I have payed for to enjoy this game.  I just don't see the logic or fairness in it.  A concerned loyal customer lookin for answers.
Good stüff! My only issue is the free daily spin. I can see it glitch (purposefully) so the spin always lands on a low amount. If you're going to offer a chance to win free coins, be honest about it. I will never spend real money on a mobile game I only downloaded to kill time.
I've had Pandora for years! I used to love this app, however it's become one of my least favorites. I understand ads are necessary for free use, but do we need so many, so frequently? It's also quite frustrating that I can no longer play music if my device is locked. Might be deleting soon
Great App,hours of great music, I would like to see more material from favorite artists. I look for certain albums or songs & Pandora just doesn't have them. So thats when ya gotta go to YouTube I guess, but I pay for Pandora,I don't pay for YouTube. I have faith in Pandora though,in time I'm sure you will have all the music I'm looking for. You guys always get better and better!
What's up Pandora!? I mean really since this last update you suck for lack of better words always crashing or freezing when I skip a song or change stations. Please fix Update January 2017, offline mode was neat at first. Now I no longer have the option on which "top " station to listen too, it just gives me one option what's up?
It keeps cutting off my music! I have to have my screen lit up and be in the app in order to hear any music. If not it does NOT play! I don't know what to do! I want to continue to listen to music but I can't have my battery life getting drained because of it. Can someone please tell me how to fix this?
Absolute trash. I had the Pandora app on my windows phone, absolutely loved it. Unfortunately, this version is absolutely overloaded with ads. It's almost non stop. It plays audio ads almost every other song, and multiple pop up ads on screen each song. Other versions are this overloaded, so why is this one? Today I had 7 ads pop up on one song. The other day I had to listen/see 4 ads before hearing a single song. This needs to stop
You guys are pushing the ads way too much. I don't like that the app minimizes the album cover to make the ads bigger. We could see the ads perfectly before you changed it.  Also, you guys are pushing us way too much to buy other features on the app. I have to exit out of those things a thousand times to get them off my screen.
This is great app! You can use it for many things like partys but there sre a lityle too much ads! I csn bare with it but my family cant. Anyways i. Sugest this app for mant things! No payment re a uired to listen to the songs you live!
Doesnt work well on lap top stops all the time super annoying. i just started up pandora and wow at the same time practically broke the game I had to reinstall wtf, cache, and interface folders and set up everything all over again. The paid version should have unlimited skips then I would give more stars! Instead I just canceled my sub. Non stop commercials better off watching tv. Few commercials then out of skips.
Drains my battery fast. I always get annoying notifications from time to time that I need to clean. And for the first time while I was playing an RPG, it lags so bad, making me boost up my phone (-that has never happen before though). Maybe it's not compatible with my phone. Sayonara.
My phone won't let me clear cache on my apps, so I didn't have a way to get more storage unless I deleted photos and apps and it wouldn't let me download a app I really wanted. With the tiny bit of storage I had, I downloaded Clean Master. Clean Master got rid of ALL of my cache, secured my apps, looked for viruses, and cooled downy phone. I highly recommend this app to everyone!
Honestly when you install this app, you have no control over how much it runs. It crawls its way everywhere, and constantly runs in the background. Give a command to only turn on when you open the app!! I don't need useless features like "battery master" or whatever and other bullcrap running in the background to actually slow my phone down!!
Great, except to give it the permissions it needs I have to make sure nothing is overlaying the screen. There is probably a very good reason for this, but it seems to the layman (me) to be entirely unrelated and a pain in the ass to reset the overlays I had back to where I had them. If there were any way at all to circumvent this the app would be 20x better, and the best tool available in the whole damn app store out of anything.
Totally customizable! There's an emoji for every situation! Ready to set up and ready to use. The only improvement I could suggest is hair options. Did you take away done if the hair choices, because what I have on my bitmoji right now is no longer offered.
Bitmojis are very fun and cute. I'm just disappointed at the variety of hairstyles and body types. Space buns! Single braids! Crochet! Natural up due! Come one bitmoji. Don't even get me started on the body types. Where are the body types for slim THICK girls?? What about girls with huge boobs?? It's about time you guys have started working with being all inclusive.
I'm having a problem. I just downloaded this and when I select the skin tones or hair color my avatar becomes semi transparent? The first page where you choose your face isn't a problem but once you select skin color it won't let me customize the rest. Like I said the avatar looks see through.. ;^(
This app is a must have! It's TOO much fun! It let's you create an avatar of yourself and then turns it into a wide variety of personalized emoji you can share across any platform super easily. It's the only app I've ever downloaded that didn't ask for a single permission, so 5 stars for privacy as well.
Like using this app.  However they need to add more moji's for every day kind of stuff.  Ie:  damn Daniel, shopping, cleaning. I've got more but, (gotta run).  There's one right there. I'll make a list.  And like one other person said, you can pretty much have a conversation with bitmoji's.  I did it on emerging to a friend. She was like you're on a roll.
This is an awesome app! I've been waiting and wanting something like this for years. Every other avatar app or the for the most part was only geared to one gender of people, after that it was animals aliens etc. This one fixed everything with a build your own emoji with your character! There are so many sayings and actions to choose from. Another really great feature is you don't sit there and scroll through them all trying to find what you're trying to say. Simply search for the phrase that you want to express and and suggestions of that expression pop up for you to choose. So many new ones all the time. Not to mention they are so fun and funny! People always want to know where I got them...
For as long as I can remember I've been forced to interact with people in a socially meaningful way, one that involves discussion, probing, compromise and other aspects that comprise the human condition. FINALLY there is an app that exists as a proxy that conveniently replaces human emotion and genuine human interaction. The Snapchat integration is also top notch to allow the aforementioned characteristics in real time. 5 stars.
Very fun app and very easy to use. Perhaps you can make a separate page to put your favorite one's all on one page., or you can customize feature to make your own. I would love to have some of the clothing or hats have my favorite sports team logo on it. Though that could get costly in licensing fees but still a great idea. Wonderful app
King makes really swell games! The gameplay is balances, i like the colours and animation and there is a cute little story but also extra stuff you can do except for the main game and the comercials aren't ugly/everywhere and in your face aaall the time. I really enjoy it &lt;3
Why do people give 5 star reviews with criticism is beyond me... I will not pay a game developer that creates impossible progression without paying for it. No gold and special boosters earned beyond the first chapters. Duo bubbles give headaches, bats cause regression,  gold bars to cost ratio is highway robbery, ... Deleted!... killed the fun real quick.
Always loved playing bubble witch saga games so love game 3 even more totally addicted can't stop playing on 2phones,2tablets I'm totally hooked. Loved it it's bubblific lol xx
I love this game! So far, the puzzles have been challenging, but not impossible which was my problem with Bubble Witch and Bubble Witch 2. I also like that you get to customize your own house which was a nice touch!
Great game! The only thing I would change would be to move the controls that are on the bottom to the side. When you're trying to move the wand they tend to be so close that you keep clicking on them.
I love this game but it keeps crashing and wont load when it does it just goes off. I have uninstalled and installed countless times but it still crashes please fix other than that highly addictive great graphics
I love the game would rate it 5 but we couldn't figure out why our tablets were dying. Honestly thought we had to get new wires or something till we found out it's the game!! Even hooked up, plugged in, it's draining power. That's pretty bad!!!
Nice app works good so far.
Easy to use, and gives me peace of mind to be protected.
Cleaned all the junk out now phone is quick as its ever been
The best app for social networking.
Force closes every time I open notifications.
Always crash for unknown reason
It keeps crashing.
Lately in the dms I cannot see what I am typing if the keyboard is up. The space where you type stays in the bottom of the screen behind the keyboard?? So you have to hit send andcpray you typed well enough. Same thing in love chats. And if I want to post a story I can never type a message? I can only write with a pen or just post something with no writting... Very frustrating.
The problem I am having with Instagram is this. I've been blocked from liking photos as well as following people. I went in to see why and I noticed I apparently liked a whole bunch of photos...I'm very strict on what I like and everything on there wasn't me. I changed my password, notified Instagram through its problem page as well as email and still no response after 32 hours....I'm not impressed at all especially with its "security" what a joke. I wish I knew how to delete my account.
I can't even begin to count how many times this app has froze up right in the middle of a high stakes game. The wheels are rigged to hit less than 1k every single time. Sometimes you'll make a shot only to give other player their turn. And you also at times will play a computer opponent instead of a real player. It's quite obvious by how lightening fast they'll set up a shot and play it perfectly. This app sucks
This app has turned into one of the biggest pieces of garbage around. It seems I can't have my phone locked. App will play one song and then begin it's not stop loading until I reopen my phone to Pandora then the song begins to play. So stupid. Pandora is garbage and will definitely be deleting. Hope nobody uses this app ever again
I like this app, it is really good. I have one recommendation though that im sure im not the only one that wants. I wish there was an option like the thumbprint radio but for each individual station and not overall. I get pretty mad when i try to listen to the songs i like in a station but i have to waste all my dislikes getting passed ones i dont want to hear.
I really like pandora and have used it for years, nearly since it started. It feels like it has changed though since it has added the thumbprint stations. Before when I would use pandora I would get an ad every 8 to 10 songs or so but now I get the audio ads 2 in a row after nearly every song. Like I said I really like pandora but with all of these ads it makes it hard to enjoy the music.
Super fun and perfect for sharing emotions, but my one and only complaint is how limited the clothing choices are. I wish we could mix and match tops, bottoms, and shoes we are most comfortable with presenting - right now we're forced to choose whatever outfits are already assembled and I feel that's very limited. I don't have full control of how I'd like my bitmoji to dress and I wish I could. I hope this could be a new feature in future updates!
I used to love bitmoji. I had it on my last galaxy s5 and it was very easy to use. There was a little icon of my bitmojis face on the screen of my messaging app to open bitmoji. When I got a replacement phone for my S5 I redownloaded the app and now the icon is no where to be found. It makes it so much harder to use. Now I have to close my messaging app, open bitmoji, send an emoji and then reopen my messaging app. If I use the bitmoji keyboard there is no regular keyboard. Bring back the icon.
I like it a lot but It doesn't allow us to create more and more characters to save and enjoy. I would rate it A 5 star only if it let me do more characters pick my own clothing and if we get to make our features more accurate like enlarging it ECT. Thank you hope you the changes
All in all I think its a good app I have enjoyed it ....would like to suggest some sexual references and also maybe some light extra curricular activities like drinking. ..drinking games and offer the 420 to us NORMAL PARTCITENTS. ..just some ideas im sure you guys/gals have already tossed around. . I bet participation would triple!
The variety in the actual bitmoji's (like the little scenes your avatar is placed in) is incredible, tons of options and they're always updating to add more. However, there's very little variety when it comes to your actual character. This is app is cool cause you're supposed to be able to create you, but it's not really possible with the limited choices in gives you when creating your character. Really quite disappointed cause of this.
It's neat. Fun to mess around with when words aren't quite enough. Although, I haven't figured out how to change my avatar's hair color. I've changed the style since the initial set up & everything else as far as my body features go that has changed. Five stars if you can make that possible.
Awesome app! Maybe more partnerships for the clothes, although there is quite a lot already. Not sure if this is more snapchat or bitmoji, but a search bar whenever you're looking at them, it only seems to show in the camera for a snap that can go to anyone and not within a personal chat.
I have installed and reinstalled this game 3 or 4 times and it won't work. The king screen pops up then it kicks me back to my home screen. Too bad it looks fun.
I enjoy part 3 of "Bubble Witch" much more than part 2. I like the extra activities/quests that have been added. I've only been playing this one for 2-3 days, & my only comment about the game are the controls for lining up the bubble. It feels like it's a little shaky, & very sensitive. Other than that, the game is great.
I like the game but wish you could guide better to the balls! At the same time you want us to build up her place but you don't give out a lot of fairy dust for us to rebuild things!! The other thing is you don't give enough balls to finish the game when it's a long one!! Fix those things and then I would love the game more!!!
I actually love this game & would give a 5 star rating; HOWEVER, since the last upgrade, my tablet freezes up in the middle of the game now. Also the balloon releases itself before I shoot it. PLEASE fix these problems! Thank you.
Awesome app just downloaded it works great
It's been super helpful so far 😃
Cleaned up my issues
It run the phone  faster
Random closing still happening
Glitching all the time
No notif. WTH!!
Crash!
So bad
A darker purple would be better than just that hot pink fuschia. Why every other color but not a good deep purple? It's probably a great and functional app but I did uninstall immediately upon finding that the Bitmoji wouldn't have my hair color.
The actual app itself is great. The only thing I dislike is that there are no options for facial piercings. My avatar would look 100% like me if she only had a nose stud. Without it, she feels empty.  Some sort of body modification customization would be fantastic.
I love it. It so much fun  it's addicting. The availability saying are fun to. Love the variety of saying and the frequency of newly added and seasonal messages and the slang is cool too. The only problem is I can't find Africa American hairstyles. No afro, braids, cornrows, curlier hair would be perfect.
I love my avatar, but I just wish there were more hairstyles like afros, afro puffs and braids.  But other than that small thing, It's a blast!  I really love all the sharing features and the various and fun ways I can send texts, emails, etc.  My friends are gonna get sick of me!
I want more hair options as far as style and color. My bitmoji almost looks like me minus the violet hair I usually have and ethnic hairstyles. Can I get some braids? Some bantu knots? Some twists? Lol other than that love the app and I'm having so much fun with it
I LOVE this app especially using this app for sanpchat. This app would be better if you. Could add tattoos, piercing that go up your ear,nose, and face? Maybe a option of dying your hair in different colors and ways you could dye you hiar and gothic/rock close? And chokers?and maybe fantasy stuff?and maybe some more tomgirl things.(if you do this thank you.I know I'm asking for a lot,sorry)
Whilst I'm enjoying the challenge, it is expensive. Not good if you're on a tight budget. Maybe free gifts if you do a Nero challenge? Also maybe have a chance to win spells to help you.
I would  have given this game 5 stars if you had unlimited lives but the long timers coupled with increased difficulty takes a lot of the fun out of it. I also dislike the number of ways it tries to get you to connect through social media.
I have had so many of these games and this is one of the biggest rip offs! Get to level 100 eaay as pie and all of a sudden cannot complete a level without buying booats or extra balls i know they get harder but not that hard from an easy level 100 to an imposible level 101 DO NOT INSTALL unless you're willing to part qith alot of money
It's really good
Actually removes viruses
Lab this app
Thank you
Supper Skooteeee
I like it alot...i cant wait to start sending some to people. The only thing i suggest is to personalize it a little better. More hair styles, facial features like freckles and moles. And maybe a little piercings like nose rings and ear rings and such. Otherwise everyones bit strips are gonna look the same. Other than that its a fun app to use and to use with friends.
I just love this! You will be delightfully surprised  as to how detailed everything is to get it to look just like you! You and your friends will have fun showing each other your new looks! There's only a few downsides if you look like me.  Can you please add women's hair that has bangs?! Also, there was no long hair, wavy hair, hair parted to the side, and no hair with any volume on top. I don't like my head and hair looking flat, so I have to add a hat. But the bangs are the biggest thing. Also I have a full figured curvy body... that would be nice to be able to chose.  The second thing is that it takes up ALOT of space.  Is there anyghing you can do about that? I have to uninstall other things to install this.  Bottom line, you will have a blast! (Just please, "get me some" bangs! Haha!)
Love this app. And the fact that she looks like me and my friends. And that we can use them outside of Snapchat. I do wish their were more hair options. I'm a black girl with bra strap length natural hair,  there is only two types of hair styles I can use. Other than that, I'm happy with everything  else.. Even keeping up with the things going on now.
I love my very own Avatar I created! So cool... The only thing I would suggest and I bet others would agree is if we could have our Avatar say what we want them to say... Because there are a lot of words and I'm not refering to  profanity either! Lol just other words that aren't in the Bitmoji vocabulary...
I love using the bitmoji app for snapchat and everything. The one thing I'd ask is for the head scarf icon when your editing your avatar, if their could be a range of different colored head scarfs. And if not maybe a black one can be added since that's much better than grey. But other than that the app is just fabulous😀
The app is fun and I like most of the sayings but it gets 3 stars because everytime I select a message to send, the app seems to select a different one to send. If I select "sleep well", the app will put "current mood" in my message window. I have to go back and forth a few times before the message I want to send is selected. Very frustrating 😬
I love playing the game but hate that the roadblock was brought back in this game. It's really annoying having to wait 3 days to continue play and as if that wasn't bad enough I finally had two friends help me towards my advancement but the next time I went into the game those were gone so now I'm back waiting for days.
Bubble Witch 3 is yet another great, entertaining game from King.  However, like many other of the King games, sound is iffy...keeps dropping out.  Still am enjoying it.  Just wish that hooking up with Facebook wasn't mandatory.  I won't do that to my friends.
Much more fun than the previous two versions, love the new challanges. Not sure what's up with building your own home yet, but its interesting to see what your friend's choose for houses
Everyone waits to see my visual text, lol! Whenever, I think there isn't a Bitmoji for how I feel they reveal new ones! Their team is doing great - let me know whenever the team needs help with brainstorming for new visual expressions. As much as I use it I'd gladly help.
You should definitely get it! It is awesome. I personally think that..... IT IS THE BEST!!! I made really funny jokes with all of my friends. You can love it as much as I do but, the only way to do that is to DONLOWED IT. So just go for it! I hope this made you pick the best decision for you. ☺
Everytime I try create one a message box pops up instead "Uh oh. Can't be saved die to server issues".. Please fix! I will definitely change my rating after that because this app looks pretty cute 😊
Make it to where we can customize the clothing or at least which ones go with which. Also, give us more options for clothing, accessories, etc. Make the headwear fit to size. I'm tired of trying to wear a hat and some of my character's hair is sticking out.
I adore this app. The only thing I wish could change is having the character on a separate keyboard I wish it was together. Because when I want to use one in text I have to go to my settings (ON ANDROID) and switch the keyboard :'/ Fix this one issue or tell me how I can have it on my normal keyboard
